# Day 1: Grok Bot Galaxy Livestream — Transcript
# Source: https://x.com/i/broadcasts/1AxRnZbVpjaxl
# Short link: https://luma.link/YDHcs5LMRo
# Model: faster-whisper base (CPU int8, English)
# Note: ASR may mishear brand names (e.g. Grok Bot / xAI).


[00:00:00] vicious product, a project rather. We're going to build a company in three days. And so we're going to start out with some intros, a little bit of background, and I'll give you the run of show. So with me, we're going to do some intros here. I have. Lauren, hi. I'm Lauren, potato on Twitter. Work on Gropbot as SpaceX AI. Yeah, hey, I'm Rochon. Work on Gropbot. And if you have other things as SpaceX AI, I mostly focus on product and super excited. Yeah, and I'm Matt Palmer, working developer experience.
[00:00:30] And the idea behind this live stream, what we're going to be doing for the next couple days is that we'll be working live from a studio in San Francisco right next to the Moscone Center at Dreamforce. And we're going to share every step of the process in building a business. We're going to talk about how we would do this using Grocbot using the latest AI tools from SpaceX AI. And there are going to be some mistakes. It's not going to be perfect. We're going to walk you through everything in a process. We actually don't even know what idea we're going to build We're still working on it.
[00:01:00] We should figure out what we're going to get to it. And through the three days, we're going to be mostly here in this room. It might get a little messy. I don't know. It's probably going to get a little crazy. But we're also going to cut over to SpaceX team members who are going to share number one, what Rockbot is, how it works, and how you can use it for your job, for your life, for everything really that you care about. And you're going to see a lot of that today as we go about building our companies. And that first session is going to be Rockbot 101. So if you know nothing about Rockbot, we work with Roman and Rita.
[00:01:32] They're excellent. They'll walk you through everything from how it got built to what it is today. And I feel like Rockbot can be pretty intimidating if you've never used it before. It's a bit of a new concept. Yeah. I think it will be fun to see different folks in how they use it in different ways. I think we have a really cool lineup of people. We got some engineers, we got some product people, we got some sales people. And so regardless of what you work on, hopefully you get a feel for how Rockbot could be part of your daily workflow. But yeah, the one-on-one session, I think it's going to be really cool. It's awesome. Yeah, I'm super curious to see everybody's work for.
[00:02:03] So I mostly use Grap bot for personal automation and some engineering work as well. But never done it for GTM or market research. You feel like that? So I'd be curious to see. Yeah. I feel like I always learn something, too. I don't know about you guys. But every time I see someone else use it, it's like, oh, wait. I didn't know I could do that. I didn't think of this particular thing. Maybe we'll come up with some of those ourselves, too. Yeah. That's why I think around Lord. I just like, I'm like Lauren, say, teach me how to use Grogbot. And then I'll try and communicate that with you all.
[00:02:33] So yeah, no, it'll be super exciting. But before we dig in, I have my piece of paper here with what I was supposed to say. There's a super important, ultra important announcement I was supposed to tell everybody. You have a chance to win something, right? So you want to listen to this one. So you're going to have to watch a long fall along in the live stream because our Grogbot Galaxy live stream challenge is now live. So we're going to break our ears. I know this is exciting. I hear woos from the studio. So what we're doing is we're giving away
[00:03:05] a trip to a star ship launch. So you're going to get to go to star base in Austin Texas. And super cool. For yourself and to guest, I want to go. Yeah, I can't think of anything. My girlfriend would be more excited than for me to take her to a star ship launch. So actually, and the runner's up. So even if you don't win, the runner's up get a tour of the SpaceX rocket factory in Hawthorne. In the Bay Area. So you're going to have to follow the app GROCK accounts and the app bot accounts.
[00:03:36] And the entry will be by September 29. All the details of the contest are in there. But what we want you to do is share how you integrated GROCK bot into your work. So you're going to quote the official post on X with a description of your bot and a shared template link. All of those details are going to be from the Acroch and the Adbot accounts. So, just go over there, check it out, and again, you're going to need a trip to go just start. We appreciate it. Really cool. I would love to go. Yeah. We're like, we haven't even gone to some of that. I haven't gone yet. Maybe next week we can work on that. Yeah, there's also some really cool footage of a lunch on the Rock Post that I see on X
[00:04:10] right now. So, yeah, check it out, x.com, FlashRock, and you can see some more info there on, I guess, how to enter in some details. Awesome. Awesome. You know, we got some time, the main things we wanted to cover were just kind of like the layout, how this is all going to work, the contest, and now we can just like start talking a little bit about what we're planning to do. And I also want to give you guys a little bit of more background on who we are, like what we do today, because like, you know, that can get ambiguous, and it's never really clearly laid out.
[00:04:40] So, our goal is to show you all basically how AI can like help you get more stuff done. And more importantly, how AI can free up your time so that you're not bogged down by all the medial tasks and the boring stuff that we all have to do every day, that we've done for our entire lives, most of us, right? Whether that's digging through Excel sheets or trying to figure out where that one message went that you think somebody sent you last night but you can't quite remember, or actually writing code and automating some of the more manual parts of software,
[00:05:11] but not just software, knowledge work, making slides, making designs. And the key message, I think, really, is that AI frees you up to do the stuff you have to care about. And so maybe we could just go around and all like tell you a little bit more about myself while you feel like kind of a little intro and what I do. And I would love to, for the rest of the team, share it because I mean, presumably, if you're watching this, you're going to be sitting sometime with us over the next 72 hours. So it was a seven-day-long time. Thank you. I'm trying to go from sort of really nothing to a fully functioning company now.
[00:05:42] And shortly, we'll also lay out exactly what we mean. when we say company. Right? Because there's actually a lot of confusion on this online. It's like, oh, they're building a business. I saw some quotes. So they're building a startup. They're building a multi-billion dollar. We could maybe do all of that, though. I don't know. I'm in a chat. I think that's the kind of thing. Someone told us we should build spaces. Somehow it's like 72 hours. We already worked for space. I feel like they got the rockets down. Maybe we could do something different. But yeah, we'll get right into it. And again, my name's Matt Palmer. I work in developer experience.
[00:06:13] Some of my node developer relations. some amazing teammates, Lee Rob, Eric, Milo, just a great team. And largely that looks like he's a education, like teaching people how to use rock rock, how to use these new technologies, how to use these tools that like really nobody has ever used before, and some brand new things. And so like day to day, I'm making a lot of content. What I'm also doing, a little bit of engineering work might be contributing code here there, updating our documentation, helping set up live streams, even maybe. And so it's really combination of content,
[00:06:45] the combination of products, and talking to a lot of people. Just being on Twitter and understanding how the product works, how people are using the product, all of these things. And so I'm super excited to bring that into what we're building today. I'll probably be thinking, I level about a lot of stuff. We'll talk about individual roles as we move through this. But yeah, that's a bit about me. So maybe, Roshan, you can dig more into what you're doing day to day. I'm actually curious before we do that. What's your favorite demo you've built recently? because you make some really awesome demos. Okay, cool, yeah.
[00:07:15] So I shared this one yesterday, actually, since it's on my profile. Hopefully we have our Twitter handles on that, which is pretty interesting. Yeah, we should bring in this, but some more. We have Matty P. That's all you got enough. But I think this one was pretty cool. I set up Grock Bot basically to do the process of like trying out new technologies. So it goes on my X bookmarks, finds like a cool package or a cool technology. So I'll like bookmark. Oh, like here's a cool MDM package that can make maps or make a rotating globe.
[00:07:46] And then it's like, OK, I have to find the time to sit down, spin up that repo, actually have this thing running to understand really what it is or read the documentation or whatever. And so this GROKBOT looks at my expert bookmarks and finds things like that. It will fire up a cursor cloud agent to start building with that technology. And then I configured the repo using GROKBOT actually to do preview deploys. I think using CloudFlare or something. And so every morning I just get a message from the GROKBOT and says, hey, here's this technology that was in your book
[00:08:16] marks that you thought was cool. And here's a deployed version of it. That's super cool. Yeah, I have a walk through on my Twitter page. You're like, how to do that. So that was maybe my favorite. I like it a lot. I'm glad I asked. I feel like this is like I always learn something. I have my talk to someone. That's cool. I do. You've built GROKBOT. You're like, oh, yeah. OK, well, I guess I'll go next. I'm Rochon. I work on product at SpaceX AI. And I think the product role has really changed in the last few months and maybe year plus
[00:08:46] where I don't know, depending on sort of which philosophy you subscribe to, everyone is sort of a builder now. But I don't know, I think a lot of what I spend my time thinking about is how to build the right things for customers and how to kind of bring that customer feedback and like what people want out of their use of AI tools kind of into the product. And so in day to day, I'm thinking about things in GROCBOT. we've built a ton of really great connectors into the GrocWat Marketplace. And so trying to get more and more of those connectors in place. But then also just thinking about how we think about what
[00:09:18] to build next, like what the next frontier ought to be. And I'm actually kind of excited to get into some of this today, because it's not often that you get to start from scratch on a new business or a new entity. Oftentimes you're working on an existing platform. And it's like, what do we do next? But what's going to be really cool here is we're going to get to do a lot of the zero to one stuff together, right? So how do we go find data for what we should build? or like what's the world saying about ideas? And how do we go do some user research and maybe go set up some interviews and kind of run the whole product development process and the whole product development playbook.
[00:09:48] So yeah, I'm pretty excited for that. I think it'll be pretty fun to get into the zero to one parts of it. And then of course, a lot of fun decisions to make with the various, hopefully we'll make them bots. But maybe we'll have a designer bot that can help us. We'll have a designs of cool stuff, or we'll have a marketing bot that can help us market some cool stuff. So yeah, I've said to figure out how we coordinate all that. I think that'll be a lot of fun. So Lauren, you want to go next? Yes, I am Lauren. I am Potato on Twitter. And I use GROKFOT for a lot of really crazy things,
[00:10:22] I think, like really random things. So a couple of weeks back, I tweeted out this kind of a joke where I said, like, if you want to summon me on X, just say potato, potato, And then I will just appear and say something. Of course, I have to automate that because there's no way I can respond to so many mentions. So I use Grapbot for that. I also do a lot of engineering work on Grapbot.
[00:10:52] So I think coming on the livestream and talking to you all and working together is going to be really fun. Because usually I feel like I'm stuck in my cave, my goblin cave. At home, you know, just coding. I work on graph bot, so I'm really obsessed about performance. And so I'm just constantly just working on making the app faster and faster and faster. Sorry, I really love doing that. We're all thankful for this. Yeah, and another thing I really like, or I spent a lot of time on, is setting up the graph bot code base so that anyone, whether European or designer,
[00:11:26] to contribute to the code and have it be good by default. So I'm looking forward to setting something up like that here, too, so that all three of us can be building, and iterating really quickly together on, well, I don't even know where we're gonna build yet. I think it'll be a lot of fun. Yeah, oh, I'm excited for that. I love the Rock Blood Devx just coming in from the outside. Super easy to understand the way you laid things out. We have channels where if there's an issue, we just host what the issue is in some cloud agent somewhere.
[00:11:57] And also usually you, it's kind of shocking outcast, up to your one issues arise, starts working. Right, and I love that. And so I mean, today, when we're building, where do you use all the same tools you would use to start a company? Like, if you just sat down with three friends, you'd probably like, I don't know, set up somewhere to talk, set up somewhere to take notes, and then start building using your favorite tools. And so the cool thing about working at SpaceX is like, OK, well, cool, we have Cursor. We have GROKBOT. We're going to use Cursor to write some code. But then we're going to use GROKBOT, and we're going to figure out all the hard manual parts, which is kind of like, OK,
[00:12:29] I don't know. We probably want to sell something, so we need to figure out what the idea is. Well, yesterday we asked you all, and also a SpaceX employee's like, hey, what should we build? Do we have any good ideas? And so we have thousands of responses. The first step is probably like ask RockBob to look at those responses, right? It's to do market research. So we're going to do some market research here to kick it off. And then we're probably just going to like, I don't know, figure out what we want to build, bring the announce that, I guess probably this morning is good, right? Yeah, well, we have to try three days.
[00:12:59] So it feels like we should have an idea and day one that feels good, good plan. OK, cool. Yeah. So the goal is to have an idea and day one. Maybe it's a good time to talk about exactly what we mean when we say we're going to build a business. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, what is it? I was going to ask you what it is. I guess when you all say, when you all think, OK, we're building a business, what does that mean to you? Yeah, I don't know. For me, it's like, I think you want to make something useful. I don't know. I kind of go back to build something people want. mentality, right? I think we need to build something useful,
[00:13:30] something people want. Maybe something we'd use ourselves. That's often a good way to, I think we'll have a lot of empathy for what we're doing. If it's something that we'd want to build and use ourselves to, what do you guys think? I like the dog-shooting part, because for me, one of the things I really love about working on Gropbot is that I use it to work on itself. So it's just a really nice loop of being able to dog-shoot your own product and make it better. the ultimate power user if you're on thing. So I feel like we definitely want to have something like that for our business idea.
[00:14:02] But yeah, when it comes to business, I guess, I don't know. I think it definitely involves maybe making a little bit of money. Oh, we should make money. Okay, all right. All right. The team wants to make money. It's not a real business until we got to have it, you know, she see the dollar flowing to the bank account. Okay, so that's going to be great. So business, dollars to bank accounts, building, dog food, testing out the product, building something people want. Yeah, if I was going to add anything, I would just say that I think it's easy to forget,
[00:14:33] especially in like we're all terminally online, like you're watching the stream, you're part of like X, which is where people go, they want to know stuff, right? That's where X is where people go, but that also means a lot of people are online, a lot on X. I am the biggest, I'm the most guilty of this, I'm on Twitter X way too much. What it means to build a business is ultimately to serve humans. And they're even a few agents. Well, serve humans are agents. Oh, you're just potentially. But the person asking the agent to do something is a human. And so at the end of the day, it does tie back to a human experience.
[00:15:05] If I buy a T-shirt online, and that gets delivered to me, that might be a business idea. But it's about the process of you created this thing for a human being. Or if you make Grockbot, we are creating Grockbot for human beings interact with a computer, right? And so it is very a very human process and it's something that at the end of the day is like how do we create Something that you want as a viewer something that you find like magical or add some sort of value to your life And so I think my favorite part is just like
[00:15:35] It really becomes about people and like how do you make a person happy? Have you enough to like give you money? Can you do this again? Or they're agent. I can come with this idea. Like, in Gropbot, you can give your bot a credit card now. Like a link, a Stripe card, I guess, link card. So I think it'll be fun to kind of play around with some cool ideas. Yeah. What could we make that maybe a human could come in and buy something, or maybe a part could also come in and buy something, and do the same thing, maybe they're different?
[00:16:06] Yeah. It could be interesting. Yeah, that could be kind of fun too. Maybe for all the people watching, they'd want to like create a Gropbot account if they don't already have one and like get their bots to buy something. That could be kind of interesting. Yeah, I mean check it out. We're not gonna like we're just gonna build the fake to this this week or this these three days But you're more than welcome to follow along Yeah, so I think the process of like human connection is something will explore the process of like Physicality like I don't know. Do we build a digital product? Do we build like a place where you're gonna? I don't go by like coffee beans and have them delivered to you
[00:16:36] Do you like or do we create something in person like we're in San Francisco? like Dreamforce is going on right now. There are like 50,000 people in the city here all excited. Wow. Never seen so many people in that life. 50,000 additional people, like in this block. Like there's streets closes, it was hard to get here. The whole nine. And so to me it would be really cool if we could like take something digital and then use that to manifest something in the real world that even you all can interact with. And so like I think if I'm taking that away, like that would 100% be Michael for this week.
[00:17:08] But we don't know. Is that possible? We'll be able to do it. I'm just talking and like I feel like we're always doing time. So yeah, I don't know. I'm excited to see where it goes and like we're going to keep it super casual. We're going to see us at our highs and at our loads. It's going to be absolutely hopefully entertaining. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I think that part of the fun is going to be, you know, we have three days, which is a lot of time, but also not much time. But I think we'll need to, you know, a little bit of a bunch of stuff we have to set up. Like I'm just starting to think ahead to, yeah. We probably need to slack
[00:17:38] channel for our team to chat in. Maybe our bots to chat into. Maybe we need a notion space. Yeah, we might. Slack. I mean, what do we use that work? Slack, notion tool. Yeah. Also, notion tool. Maybe linear for tickets. Yeah, we could check out linear. Yeah, or something like that. Do you like the system? linear, or how do you like prioritize work? I think we can try it, but I'm also wondering if we can just, because if we have Slack, I could just, like, maybe as we use our own app and you report bugs, I could just
[00:18:08] auto-fixim, why open an issue when you can open a PR. But maybe we'll get a backlog at some point that we want to keep track of. So maybe Slack is a control plan. I wonder if we start to start with Slack first. And then see what we need. Issue, issue, cycle. Issue is channel. Yeah. So I can start worrying up my factory. OK. Issue is channel. We're going to wire up the factory to the issues channel. And then while we're doing that, no matter what, I'm going to start walking through the factory. Because you're the infamous creator of PStack, right?
[00:18:39] Famous. I don't know. No, infamous, famous. I don't know. And for viewers, you might not know what PStack is. What is PStack? So PStack is a million dollar plug-knots. It costs nothing. It's an open source plug-in that I mean that takes all of the skills that I've built for doing rigorous engineering work that I do all the time. And I open-sourced it so that anyone can reuse the same skills
[00:19:10] and workflows that I have. And I've been iterating on it for quite a while. It took me quite a long time to get it to that point. But last month, I actually shipped 2 and 1,000 PRs of PSAC into production. And I don't think I caused any bugs. I hope I did it. So yeah, if you haven't tried out PSAC yet, you can go to the graph bot marketplace and search for piece stack and try it out and let me know what you think. I just did the math, 2500 PRs in a month is 83 PRs a day.
[00:19:43] Yeah, and we have three days. So, sometimes three, 250 PRs. I think you can do more than that. You can do more than that. You can do more than that. You can have a PR meter on the screen. Yeah, I have that. Actually, I'm not even gonna open PRs. I'm gonna merge to mean. Oh yeah, there we go. Yeah, I think you know. We'll call it a committ meter. We'll have a committ meter somewhere on the screen. We don't need polarity. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like concerned. The target is like, oh boy. And I mean, I feel like sometimes you say like 2000 PRs and people are like, oh, like
[00:20:15] that's just something they say on stream. But like I physically have like I've sat over your shoulder and seen you do some of this stuff. And it's like, rock bottom the app is built by people at SpaceX that are using tools like this to rapidly iterate. And so hopefully, like we'll be able to show you that process and we'll be able to show that product as it goes from like quite literally nothing, we're ideating right now to something that we're shipping to you all. So yeah, I mean we're talking about tools before, right? So it sounds like we're gonna go Slack, notion, kind of stack. We got maybe a linear if we decide we can just start shipping directly to main.
[00:20:49] I mean we're gonna be here talking to each other. Yeah, what else do you really need? Anything else? I mean we have some database tech maybe. Yeah, we need some like infra that we can set up. We're in the system, so we might need a database system. I know a database CEO lives around here. They will have them on at some point. Yeah, I can convince some of our friends to join. Yeah. We're big with the Stripe team with Link, with payments. So we're going to need some payments in for our totally. We'll probably start whiteboarding this at some point, like start building and showing people exactly where to do. Oh yeah, maybe we could actually get an actual whiteboard. Yeah, we might get a chalkboard or whiteboard in here.
[00:21:20] We got that team. How are they super cool? The team is listening to this now freaking out because of how we get that. That's the carrot items that are not being built in. Peace kind of set the top board. On stream. This is the great part is like now that I'm on screen, like I can just ask for anything. Presumably, it was a peer. It was like, there's a coffee shop down the road. It's for the business. I didn't get a chance to get a cappuccino this morning. I got wondering if like in the next shot they'll just be like cappuccino. We can really push out for that on the phone. One thing I forgot that we're gonna need a lot of his tokens. We need a lot of tokens. I think we have to go to the other side. I think we have to go to the other side.
[00:21:51] I'll talk about cappuccino. Yeah, there's any tokens. This is actually central to the idea. Maybe you could tell us a little bit about what the setup or running is. Yeah, so we're going to be using a combination of, we're going to really try to drive everything with Rockbot, I think, is the plan. But we've set up ourselves on a Rockbot team. So we created a new team just for these three days where we're going to just use that. We're going to each have our own teams of bots that we set up and hopefully be able to show you those bots as we go and be able to switch between them a little bit
[00:22:22] and kind of let you interact with them a little bit. And then yeah, I think we're going to treat this like a separate business and entity, right? So I have a GitHub org that I made that's a completely blank org. Nothing in it, no repos. So we can use that if we like. It's our starting point. What's the name of the GitHub org? It's called Ship by Thursday. Ship by Thursday. Yeah, maybe we should open source some stuff too, if you want to follow along. It's just GitHub.com slash Ship by Thursday. It's completely empty right now. So if you go there, you will see nothing. But we could, we'll only need to put some stuff there. Maybe we'll open source to be stir eggs.
[00:22:52] I don't know, do you see, yeah, we should. No, I don't remember the org. Actually, we literally haven't said anything. We didn't do any work beforehand, so none of this exists. But we will start to make things available as possible. And yeah, our goal is to make this as real as possible. Yeah, so we're starting with a completely blank slate. So we have GitHub org. We have Grocbot accounts with 0 bots in them right now. Brand new accounts. And so we'll walk you through from scratch how we'd install PStack to get set up for development. Maybe in a few minutes, we can do some market
[00:23:25] research like Matt was talking about. I have some user research bots, and we actually have a whole template of bots in our marketplace too, so we can find some useful ones there and kind of pull them in. I mean, we need to also hire a founding engineer, probably. Founding engineer bot, we just hire the bot. We definitely need to hire a bot. Or two. Two bots. Intern bot? I'm actually also wondering, is part of market research. Do we want to have our bots actually kind of like the idea you had where you have your or a GROC bot build something for you every day? Like maybe we could have some quick throwaway prototypes
[00:23:55] or something so we can visualize the components, ideas, something like that. Oh that's a really cool idea. Yeah, I feel like you have some bot factory stuff as well, right? Okay, the idea I'm talking about. And this might be, if you're watching this, you're like Matt, I don't even know what GROC bot is. Well that's great, because we got a GROC bot one on one session coming up right for you in like five minutes, but stick with me here. You can create GROC bots, other rock bots can create rock bots. It's a lie, I'll tell you. Pretty crazy. So what I'm thinking is like, okay, at a meta point, what do you do when you have a business?
[00:24:26] You have onboarding. So maybe we come up with a company doc and that doc explains our process. And we can also do that in rock bot. We could have a rock bot that is a rock bot factory of some sort that creates our employees. And so that onboarding bot might be like, hey, okay, you want to read this doc and that's who we are and that's what our principles are. and that's what we're trying to do. Like a little company handbook. Like the state of the company. Yeah. And then we have to have a bot that updates the state or all the bots update the state of the company, right? Yeah, we could just have that knowledge.
[00:24:57] Sure. Yeah, most companies have that, some of that. And so what I'm thinking is, as we add employees, as we start to build out the team, like okay, new, new, right, like we hire our intern bot, take a look at what we're doing in notion and then we'll start like prototyping. But I like what you said, I like what your heads at. I think when we resume back from the break, We can start thinking about like, prototyping, market research, but we need to start like hiring bots. So maybe in that 45 minutes, we'll like come up with a hiring plan, right? Yeah, I like that.
[00:25:28] Yeah, I like that. We're gonna need a bunch of bots. Okay, sure. And we're gonna bring you all along for it. We're not sharing our screens right now, but like we have everything hooked up, so you'll be able to see exactly what we do. You'll be able to see like how we use the products in a clean demo environment. The one thing we did do before we got together is like we actually downloaded Grakwat. If you're starting a company, I guess, that's the first thing. And it's the only thing you have to do really. And I'm excited. So a little bit about the session that's coming up and some housekeeping stuff to recap.
[00:25:59] If you're new to the stream, we're going to build a company. We've got 72 hours. We haven't done anything. I mean, we just spent the last 20 minutes yapping. We shouldn't be like, we haven't done anything. If you're watching, there is currently They're brought by Galaxy livestream challenge going on. If you share a template with us all and your template is like the most, it's like, if a lot of people like your template basically, you have a chance to win a trip to Starbase. Like watch a Starship launch, which is pretty sick. Runners up get a trip to Hawthorne where they actually like build some of this cool stuff,
[00:26:32] which is also great. And yeah, you know, when we think about a business, we think about something that people want. It creates value for people. That's where we're going to try to build with a human touch. The human touch most importantly that's something we're going to try to build this week. We're going to bring in different guests. We're going to bring on guests of companies that we like, guests of people on the internet that we like. We're going to bring in space-ex employees that are really great. They're all really great. I don't think favorites, but we're going to bring in some of especially great employees that are going to show us their workflows. We're just going to be hanging out.
[00:27:02] They're going to help us. They're going to ask for a coach. We're going to seek the knowledge of the crowd. No men is an island. No entrepreneur ever did anything by themselves. I feel it helped them out. So we're going to call on our friends to help us out and give us advice. But it's going to be us with the laptops here. And there might be a few moments where we're just like, seriously typing inside. It's on stream too. I feel like we're going to need some lockdown. There will be some. Yeah, hey look, I mean, if you've watched any of the great streamers shout out prime big friends of ours, they've helped us out with some of this stuff. It's going to be like that. We're just going to be hanging out.
[00:27:32] This might get a little bit messy. The production crew is going to yell at me, make me like, gun around clean, clean the table or something, but we're going to have fun along the way. Anything else you guys want to add to the viewers? No. It's going to be really a lot of fun. So I'm looking forward to filling this up. Awesome. Awesome. And I'll definitely keep shouting at us on X if you're wanting to send us feedback. And there's an active chat happening in the stream too. So please drop stuff in chat. We're going to get a set up so we can see some of those comments rolling in and interact with some of those suggestions
[00:28:04] in real time too. So it'll be really helpful to us as we're kind of steering and we really want to get folks feedback and make sure this is useful to you. So we're just definitely encouraging to keep the feedback coming. Three of us are all on X. I think our handles are all over the place, hopefully by now. So please post at us or reply to us and we'd be happy to kind of bring some of that in as well. But yeah, I see we have about 80,000 dish views right now. And so yeah, a lot of people out there who are really excited and we're really excited to hear from you and ask for your help in crafting what we do here. So yeah, and one thing.
[00:28:36] Definitely recommend installing GROCWOT if you haven't already signing up. We have a free trial so you can try it out and maybe follow along with this as we build and show you some of our pro tips. We're going to tell you exactly how we do it. So if you just download GROCWOT we're going to give you the plug-ins, the templates, all that stuff. And most importantly, we're going continuously live from 830 to like 630. You'll have to check the schedule. Tune in here any time. We're going to cut to workshops. So if you download GROCWOT, if you install the product, you're going to be able to follow along with exactly how it works.
[00:29:07] If you were like, oh man, I want to learn Grocbot, but I have to pay for this course. No, no courses, no payment, all free. Just watch this series. Just watch this series. Someone told us, I got 25 seconds before we go live, but someone told us their boss said, you have to watch this live stream all 30 hours. I'm sorry, you're probably watching right now. I'm sorry about that, but you're gonna learn a lot. So we're gonna go to Grocbot 101 with Roman and Amrita. two amazing, intelligent, beautiful, smart, high achieving functioning people that actually build rock bottom.
[00:29:38] So we're going to kick it over there, and they're going to teach you a little bit about rock bottom. Are we good? Whew. Well, you know, that was a, OK, we got the nerves shaking out. It's huge.

[00:30:25] So first, I wanted to talk a little bit about how GROKBOT came to be. And I think we're in a pretty interesting moment right now where when you think about the way that AI has changed and really transformed the way that people and companies do work, I think we've been through a few different phases. And I think it started with really chat where you ask a question to AI, AI responds. And that was really useful. I think that helps with a bunch of research workflows, for example.
[00:30:55] I think the next step after that was you delegate a task to AI. And there's a copilot that kind of sits next to you while you do your work. You iterate on a slide deck together, those types of workflows. But I think we're really on the cusp of this new moment in AI. Where AI starts to act more like a teammate or more like a colleague inside of a company. And that's really different, I think, from what's come before. I think it's going to change the types of products that really meet the moment. I think the ways that we need to change our ways and how we do work day-to-day to really
[00:31:29] maximally get the most out of what AI can do inside of a company. And then I think what will come after that is kind of this weird world of AI teammates and human teammates that collaborate together inside of companies. And where you're not just delegating a discrete task and saying, hey, go from point A to point be, you're actually doing a lot more kind of what you would do with an actual human colleague of, they're not a collection of tasks that you kind of outsource, but they own outcomes and they have responsibilities.
[00:32:00] And you trust them to kind of own a discrete part of a company and kind of do that work for you. And I think this is really where Grockbot originated from. And I want to talk a little bit about some of the product decisions that we made to get there. So if you haven't used Grockbot, this is what it looks like. And I think there were a few things that we chose to do with Grockbot that are a bit different from other AI tools on the market that you maybe have used before are familiar with. I think the first one is we really wanted Grockbot to feel a lot like you're working with
[00:32:34] teammates and colleagues. And so as a result, it feels kind of simple and chat-like and almost like you're messaging, your coworkers or teams of colleagues. So you have on the left all of these bots, in this case, sales outbound and an inbox manager that each have specific roles and different kinds of lanes of work. And the idea is not that you create a chat for each task that you want to take on. You actually create a bot for a unit of work and a kind of job responsibility. And you come back to that bot over and over and over again
[00:33:07] and it learns from you. And I think that's one of the most magical moments of working with Grockbot is you say something a few weeks ago about, you know, I really like when my slides are formatted in this particular way. And then Grockbot remembers. It remembers weeks later when you're making your next slide deck. And that's what you would expect from a colleague. And I think that's what you should expect from AI as well. So there's this teammate paradigm instead of a task paradigm. Team mates really sit at the center of Grockbot in the way to work with AI. The second thing that's a little bit different is Grockbot, similar to what you would expect from a colleague,
[00:33:41] doesn't just have access to direct integrations and MCPs and APIs. Those are very useful, but they oftentimes don't get you 100% of the way to completing the work that you want. They have access to their own computer, and they can use that computer exactly how you would. They can watch a video, they can listen to a podcast, they can click in some, you know, antiquated government software from the 90s. It can do everything that a human can do with a computer, but it's yours.
[00:34:11] And in addition to all of the integrations and MCPs and things that you come to know and love with AI, I think it really opens up a new set of tasks and opportunities for what AI can take off of your play. And I think it feels really different when you work with AI that can do those things versus can't. And the difference between getting kind of 90% of the way there, like almost having the job be done versus the thing just being done and to end, kind of hands off, you trust that your bot can do it, feels very different, feels really magical.
[00:34:42] And then the last thing is everything runs in the cloud. It doesn't run on your computer. And I think there's kind of in this weird moment in AI right now where a lot of the workflows that people rely so much on AI for, it runs on their local laptop, which is kind of strange. And so if you're like asleep and your computer is closed, the automation that you set up to run it to AM doesn't fire. and you wake up in the morning and you're confused, and you want to kick something off from your phone, but it's tethered to your laptop, back in your office.
[00:35:13] It's just all this weirdness. And we wanted to just jump right past that to a future where you have these very smart colleagues, these teammates, these bots that live in the cloud. And you can interact with them anywhere you work. It might be on your phone, it might be on your laptop, and the future, it might be something entirely different. And that really informed all of the decisions we made for the product was those three things. It feels like interacting with teammates, everything runs in the cloud, and your bots have access to a computer that they can drive and manipulate just like you can.
[00:35:43] And I think part of the reason we really felt the desire and the excitement to build something like Rockbot is from what we've seen in coding. And I think from the past two years, we've seen the job of a developer completely transform. And I think a very stark, hard to overestimate how big the change has been from an era of writing individual lines of code by hand to, I think, what a lot of development looks like now. Certainly inside of SpaceX AI, where you have developers
[00:36:13] that own outcomes, they own direction, and they steer their team of agents to complete these discrete tasks and do kind of a lot of the mundane work for them. And we haven't seen that for knowledge work at all. I think when you look at the way that knowledge work is done today versus the way it's done in 2024 or 2025, It's not that different. And I think our hope and goal for GROKBA is to really be the most useful way to harness these models inside of a company to do real work.
[00:36:44] And so I touched on some of these points, but I'm Rita will talk a little bit more about specific ways that we're seeing GROKBA be useful for us internally but also inside of real companies in the wild. But we wanted it to be delightfully simple. And we think the future of AI products really should be very simple to use, very simple to get started on, and then gradually pull you into the more complex capabilities. And I think a lot of people's experience using Grakbot is you meet it on its face, you kind of give it an initial task
[00:37:15] that is a little straightforward and simple. Grakbot does it, you give it something more ambitious. Grakbot does it, you give it something even more ambitious, and you just kind of keep going through that process until you feel the limits of maybe where current AI capabilities are. And our bat is these models are going to keep getting smarter. We want to give them a safe environment to run in to really maximally be useful to employees of companies. So it's very simple. It's always on. It's this teammate in the cloud that you can always depend on
[00:37:46] and rely on and never goes down even when you're asleep or when your computer is closed. And it really finishes the work. You give it outcomes, it delivers. And I think the next step of this will be how this works inside of teams. I think right now AI is largely a single player game. You work with your personal AI system on various things. I think we're really excited about what shared AI colleagues could look like and what the future of internal tooling even becomes. So with that, very excited to pass it off to Amida to talk a bit more about concrete ways
[00:38:17] that people are using Gropbot and ways that we're using Gropbot. Amazing. Thank you, Rowan. So you'll see on the agenda and also for the rest of the week, we have a lot of sessions about how to use GROKBA at the enterprise level. So you'll see GROKBA for GTM, for engineering, for marketing, and then for admins. Today's session is going to take one of these actually and then do a live demo with you all so you can see exactly what Roman mentioned, which is agents acting as colleagues, agents using their own computer, and then also having memory
[00:38:49] and an ability to learn from what you've taught them. One thing I do want to highlight is if you haven't registered for any of the sessions already, please go on to, I think, x.ai slash galaxy and check out what's available this week. We have a lot of really great sessions, basically, about how to use GROC Bot for all of these different use cases within an enterprise. Okay. So now we're going to go into the live demo session of today. And I do want to ask, who in the room has used GROC Bot?
[00:39:19] Okay. Looks like I get them out. So maybe some of you will be seeing it for the first time. But these are the three bots that we're going to work with today. We have data, slide, and email, and they are going to work together on a project that will actually require you guys to participate. It doesn't work. No one is going to have to speak or anything. What it is going to do is collect user data, use that data to create slides and charts, and then actually email that data to a stakeholder and external stakeholder.
[00:39:50] What you will see is how all of these agents will work together. to Romans point, use tools that might not have native MCPs or APIs, but make it very easy for you to kind of outsource this work so that you can focus on more pressing things at hand. All right. So I'm going to minimize this, and we're going to open up GROKBOT. And you'll notice that it looks very similar to maybe I message or a tool that you're familiar with. I have two bots that are already ready on the side, email Ethan and slide Sonya.
[00:40:20] And I'll talk a little bit about them later. But what I want to do with you all today is I want to create a bot from scratch, so you all can kind of see that workflow. And this is the bot we're going to create is Data Dan. So I'm going to call Data Dan, just going to create him there. And when you create a bot, actually what GROCBOT will do is it will give some idea of maybe what you want to use the bot for just based on the name. So if you create a bot called Workflow Builder, it'll automatically kind of have an idea of what it's meant to do.
[00:40:51] You'll notice here that it gives some options of what you mainly want me for, which is great. But I'm going to start by actually asking it to create a Google form for me. And the reason I choose Google Form is, first of all, I don't know if anyone likes making Google Forms. I certainly don't. But it's the most common way to get a lot of data from your employees, from your customers, from if you're doing user research. You can do this similarly with Qualtrics or any other kind of form-based software. you can ask GROCKBOT to basically create it for you.
[00:41:21] So what we're going to do is I'm just going to say, and I'm going to use voice mode here, actually, so we can kind of see what that looks like. Create a Google Form for me that asks two questions. The first is, how many cups of coffee do you drink a day? And the second is, what are your favorite coffee shops in San Francisco? And for the coffee shop options, maybe put ritual, fills, cyclasts, and blue bottle. So it's going to transcribe that. What's really cool about voice mode,
[00:41:52] and this is actually deployed internally right now, is we actually have a back and forth voice mode, where GROC voice can actually talk back to you. That should be out hopefully sometime with the next week or so. But this is kind of a good way to see that speech to text in motion here. So you'll see that it kind of took everything I said. And I'm actually going to move to the side here, so you all can see. And then immediately when you send a request like this, Rockbot is going to respond and immediately start working. And when it works, for example, in something like a Google Form, what it will do is it will actually start using its own
[00:42:25] computer. So at the top right is where you see access to Rockbot's computer here at the top. I can actually click into it and see what it's doing. Give it a little moment to connect. But once it's connected, you'll see that it has access to its own Linux VM machine. So I'll be able to log in to Google Slides, Google Forms, Google Docs, whatever you need. And so what you can see, actually, if I minimize this, is it's going to build both of those questions for me, and I can monitor how it's building those in those forms.
[00:42:57] So I mentioned Google Forms as a way to kind of interact with tools that don't necessarily have MCPs or APIs. But what I also want to show is the built-in MCPs that we have already. So you can see here that I have a bunch of MCPs or plugins that I can connect to my GROC bot. And depending on your task at hand, you can always manage these here. And so this is kind of a good way to see what existing APIs and MCPs are there already. Or you can ask GROC bot to set it up for you. OK, so it looks like the bot wants to run a task for me.
[00:43:29] This is a good example of how bots ask for approval. I'm just going to allow this for now, but I'll talk a little bit about bot approvals later and how you can actually set particular rules saying, hey, I only want a bot to send an email after it asks me for permission, or I only want the bot to send a Slack message to an external customer after I approve it. And this kind of makes it a lot easier for enterprises to control what the bot or can or cannot do in a big setting like this. So this is going to work on the Google form.
[00:43:59] While it's working, let me show you the other two agents that we'll be working with today. So email Ethan and slide Sonya. You'll notice that slide Sonya already has the slides that I'm going to be editing up on her computer, similar to what Data Dan will be actually. And what's nice about Slide Sonya is I'm able to basically edit the slides myself or I can actually teach her how to do a particular task. So you'll see here at the top, teach a task, I can actually show Slide Sonya, for example, if I want to create a slide that takes all the data
[00:44:31] from the school form and adds an animation to it or makes it a particular color, I can actually show her how to do that. So if I hit Teach a Task here, I can actually say, let's say I want to just teach her how to do an animation. I can hit this, I can go to Insert, and I can add animation here. And notice that this is me controlling the bot's computer. So this is not the bot doing this on its own. This is me controlling it. And I can say, OK, this is how you would do a fly-in animation
[00:45:01] right there. And let's just play it to see how it works, and make sure it works OK. Give it a second. Cool, looks like it's monitoring the time that the animation takes. Amazing. So now that it's set up here, and I knows exactly how to do it, I can stop the task. And immediately now that I've stopped the task and SlideZoneO knows exactly what to do with an animation,
[00:45:32] it's able to turn that recording and that animation into a skill. And so now, anytime I want to say, hey, I want you to add that animation that I showed you to a particular text or to a particular image on a slide, You'll be able to do that from scratch. Now go ahead and look up my data dan and see how they're doing with the Google form. You'll notice that what's nice about, oh, I'm going to go ahead and allow this again. What's nice about having these agents is that I can always go back and forth between them and also see how they operate within each other.
[00:46:03] So as you can see, Sidesonia is learning from the skill I just taught her. Data dan is working on the Google form. I can actually see him creating the form live for me. And then what's nice about this is once the form is created, I'm actually going to ask DataData to turn it into a QR code and have you all scan it and fill out those two questions. So on average, how many copy cups do you drink a day? And your favorite coffee shop in San Francisco. And then we'll take all of that data, give it to Sonia, and then have email Ethan kind of consolidate all of that analysis and send it out
[00:46:34] to let's see who the top coffee shop owner is. And this is kind of a good way to see how you can take a very simple task that usually takes a lot of time, for example, an event planner at a company who needs to handle dietary restrictions for a 10,000 person onsite or a user researcher that wants to collect data from all of their different customers who are using GROKBOD or any other tool. How you can basically do all of these tools within GROKBOD and then have it orchestrate that work for me.
[00:47:04] I'm gonna go ahead and sit this one more time. While this is working, let me actually show you approval situation since we are seeing it here. You'll notice that in the settings, when you actually scroll down here, you will see a particular set of rules that you can allow Grocbot to basically do with or without your permission. So what I'll actually show it is I'll say something like, hey, I don't want you to reply emails for me unless you explicitly ask for my permission first or similarly, I want you to be able to create slides for me
[00:47:36] automatically without asking for my permission. And so that makes it a lot easier for you to kind of granularly control what Grock-Bot can or cannot do, especially when it's doing long running tasks that you want to be a little bit aware of, or kind of coctess of what it's doing. Give us a little more time while it's working. One thing that I do want to say about Grock-Bot and how, basically, it's able to run is that the computers that it's using on are all isolated,
[00:48:07] meaning that one GROCBOT cannot access another GROCBOT's computer. So the fact that GROCBOT is working on this Google form here is not going to impact the fact that Slide Sonya is working on the slides over here. And that makes it easy, actually, for one GROCBOT to talk to another and work on two different things at the same time. So a way that I use this is I often edit the same set of slides that my GROCBOT is editing. And that makes it really easy because I can have slide Sonya edit slide one or two of mine of my slides and I can edit the 10th or 11th slide.
[00:48:39] And we're not actually conflicting or making changes. We're both collaborating on the same set of tasks. And that's kind of at the end of the day, what Brockbot is. It's a colleague that you can collaborate on. What's nice about slide Sonya is in her description here. You can see that I've given her very explicit instructions on how to edit a existing slide deck. I can tell her that you're supposed be using a particular font with particular colors. I actually always ask her to take a screenshot of the slide that she's created once she's done and send it back to me.
[00:49:11] And this kind of makes it a lot easier for me to go back and forth with slide Sonya because she already has this predefined set of notions that she needs to get done. And so I like doing this or I like giving my bot very explicit instructions because that makes them more consistent. And then if you ever want to add skills or routines, you can always add that to your bot as well. So while DataDane is working, I can add a routine to Sonya that says, you know, every morning at 9 a.m., I want you to summarize for me any changes that were made to the slide deck
[00:49:44] and let me know who made those changes. So this is a slide deck that I've shared with a ton of my colleagues and I want to know if someone took out a slide, added a new part to a different slide, I can add, ask Sonya to actually keep all of that context and then set up a routine for me that will set up that information to me every day at 9 a.m. And you can set up routines across multiple bots. So you can have a routine that says, hey, slide Sonya, email Ethan, can you guys work together and actually email a summary of all the changes
[00:50:16] that were made in this slide deck to my boss once a week. And so he is aware of what's going on there. And that makes it, again, a lot more collaborative and a lot easier to work across these multiple agents. Cool. I'm gonna open up DataDan again and see how the form is going. Looks like it's making some changes. It's asking for a lot of approvals today, which is funny. I think it's because maybe it knows I'm on camera. But what it's going to do is, once it's done making this form and designing what we should put inside of the questions,
[00:50:49] what it's going to do is it's actually going to take this form and turn it into a QR code that I mentioned you all will scan. And then what's nice about that is you no longer have to send out links for forms. I actually always just use QR codes that are made by GROKBOT for any form of external facing links or URLs that I have to show. And then it will take basically all of this information and put it inside of a Google sheet that, again, it can access on its own computer. So in fact, what I can do is while it's working on this,
[00:51:19] I can go ahead and just actually look and see at the other forms or sheets that I've made inside of GROKBOT itself. And so this is, again, me using GROKBOT's computer to get access to the forms or the sheets or responses that it's made. And what's nice about this is sometimes if I want to take control over what it's doing, or if I feel like it's taking a long time on a particular thing, I can go ahead and just do it on my own. And then, again, teach it how to do it in case it takes a long time, or in case it's not aware of exactly what it should be doing.
[00:51:50] So what it's going to do is go ahead and make these changes a little bit more. And then while it's working, I'm actually going to talk about email Ethan and how We actually use email very, very usefully at GROCBOT or at Cursor, but with GROCBOT's integrations with Google Drive and Google Docs. So email ethans job is basically to take all the data that slide Sonya and data Dan took and basically consolidate that and send it out to external stakeholders. So what I like to do actually is I tell email ethans to look at real existing emails that
[00:52:24] I've written before and consolidate that information into a particular skill or type of tone that it can use for further emails. So for example, I could say something like draft an email to, and I'll say, Jason DeMore, someone in my context, about the data that I've gathered on coffee habits. And since it's still working on that data, it's not going to get anything just yet, but But I'll show you what drafting an email actually looks like in Grocbot.
[00:52:55] What it will do is it will actually be able to pull in data from either my own personal source or from sheets that I have. And then set up a little modal inside of Grocbot that actually asks the user, hey, can I get your data from, or hey, can I send user? As I remember, so this is actually where I would say something like when I want Grocbot to reply to emails for me, I'm actually going to ask first and add that. a rule and then now what it's going to do is before it sends any email it's always going
[00:53:26] to ask me first and that makes it so that I don't have to always monitor or worry about what it's going to send to any external facing customers. Cool. Okay. So one thing that I want to show is that agents talking to each other and so what I'll do actually is I'll tell email Ethan while it's working and this is also an example of bot of how it can talk to slide Sonya and get information from what she knows and context from what she knows. So there's money ways you can do this.
[00:53:56] You can always ask your bot in its description to delegate to other agents. So for example, I think some people have talked to have a chief of staff agent. In your description, you can say something like, like, I always want you to delegate to your team. And that way the chief of staff actually doesn't do anything on its own. It delegates to its subordinate agents that have the right context. But what I'll do here instead is I'll say something like you can see here at message data Dan completely on its own. I can say something like can you message
[00:54:27] Slide guru or slide Sonya and ask her for any details about The Grog bot galaxy 101 slide deck that she made. I want to send an email to my co-worker about what we showed today. So you'll notice that it was smart enough to know to message data Dan for the coffee-related information, but now I'm explicitly tagging or calling another agent that it can work with in order to kind of get
[00:54:59] the right context and information at the right time. And that's what kind of makes these agents so powerful is their experts and their personas in their own field. And so you'll see in kind of the rock bot for engineering and rock bot for sales demos is those agents are long live personas. they have memory. And so because of that, they're not just scope to one task or one project. They can be used for multiple tasks and multiple projects. I can have email, Ethan work for the next year if I wanted. And now he will have context about every email that I've sent.
[00:55:29] And he'll be able to learn from all of that. Similarly, Slide Sonya, she doesn't know just how to make this one type of slide. I can teach her how to work in a different branding or a different theme. Her job is just to create slides generally. And so I can always change the scope and the persona of these agents in order to make them as useful to me as possible. The way I like to think about GROCFOT generally is you're basically creating your own company. You're creating your own team of agents and you have the choice and the decision of how you want to orchestrate that.
[00:56:00] If you want your agents to be divided up by project, you can do that. If you want them to be divided up by what they're expert in, you can do that as well. And so it's kind of up to you on how you want to orchestrate them and have them work with each other on particular tasks. So as you can see, I'll show you both how email Ethan matches Dan and how he also messaged slide zone, yeah. So you'll see here, these are the messages between Grockboss. You'll notice that email Ethan will always say, I'm going to ask me to do this thing. Data Dan will say, I don't have this right yet.
[00:56:31] So working on the spreadsheet and email Ethan will say, OK, I'll use my existing coffee cup sample data set that I have. Amazing. And then if we go back actually to, I want to go back to email Ethan here. Go back to what email message slide Sonya. You'll see kind of same thing. I'm reading these details on this. Please come back with a concise briefing deck about this and give me any more information that I can use going forward. And then you'll see that slide Sonya has that same message from email Ethan and is able to kind of respond back and see what's going on here.
[00:57:01] So if I click on her again, you'll see that, okay, he asked for this one on briefing for a coworker. I'm going to scan the full deck and then pass even an outline when it's ready. So this is agent to agent protocol, agent to agent communication, which makes it really easy for these agents to work together. But what I also like about it is that I no longer have to monitor what's going on. I can kind of be more of a manager and overseer and make sure that everything is going well. But I don't have to get into the nitty-gritty details of what these agents are doing in order
[00:57:33] to kind of get the job done. As Roman mentioned, the goal of GROKBOT is to have finished work, whether that's slides being made, emails being drafted, forms being created. But at the end of the day, I am just making sure that the orchestration is working, rather than kind of going in and seeing exactly what's here. All.
[00:58:25] on computer use as a company and as a org. You'll notice that computer use is going to become a very, very hot topic for GROCBA, for cursor and space actually generally. And you'll see computer use continue to be improved over the next couple of weeks. You'll see actually what I really like about these machines is because they're Linux VMs, they're very lightweight and they're very easy to spin up. And so what I actually do sometimes is if I'm on an airplane and I have bad Wi-Fi, I actually outsource all my agent work, my computer use, to my Grog bot because the Wi-Fi on its own Linux VMs
[00:58:58] is really, really great. It's very fast. And so this is kind of how I do any outsourcing of work. Again, for things that don't have MCPs, so Google Forms, Qualtrics, and then once it starts adding options, like it's doing here, it makes it a lot easier for me to kind of create these really long running tasks. Without me having to manually go and do this, I can again focus my work on something else. OK. All right. So as you can see, the bot always asks for permission
[00:59:28] on connecting to outside services. So as you can see here, it says the agent is trying to reply to an email, and this is blocked by my own personal auto review rule. So it's respecting the rule that I put in already, which says that, hey, I don't want you to apply, or I don't want to reply to emails for me. And go ahead and just say, allow one so that it's able to send that content over. And then what it will do is it'll actually show me a draft of that email. What's nice about these agents is, let's say want to do this maybe twice, three times, four times, you can always duplicate an agent

[01:00:00] have maybe like five or six email agents. And sometimes I'll do this if I'm emailing different stakeholders. So I'll have one email agent that's designed for emailing, you know, execs or CTOs or CFOs. I'll have another one that's designed for emailing just general users of GROCBA, you know, or, you know, regular folks who are using it every day to get feedback. I'll have another email agent that's meant for, you know, messaging my team at work. And so they all are tailored a little bit differently to be able to understand how different stakeholders
[01:00:31] will respond to a particular type of email. And so this is really great if you ever want to duplicate or try multiple different strategies in an agent. And then one thing I also love to show is sharing. And so what you can do with a bot is you can always share it as a template and then give it to other people in your team. And this is what really kind of uplifts the multiplayer aspect of Grocbot is you can have one agent that's shared across your whole team as a template, and then people can customize it
[01:01:03] for their own personal use case. You might have seen that earlier, actually, when I hit Marketplace. You can see here that these are featured bots. These are actually just public. So Lauren is from Cursor, and this is her bot that she's published, but Clarevo, Lenny, and Eric is also from Cursor. These are all bots that they've published that I can eventually just use and incorporate into my own Grog bot ecosystem. And then you'll notice that these are from my team itself. So if I ever want to publish my own GROC bot to my team, to my company, I can do that as well.
[01:01:35] And it makes it really easy, as I mentioned, to have bots that are similar so that there's consistency. For example, if you're on a design team at work and you have a brand design bot, you want to make sure that the brand design bot is following the same colors, fonts, typography, as everyone else is. And so you would publish one brand design bot than everyone on your company can then use. And so publishing bots like this makes it really easy to have consistency, but then it's also really easy to kind of modify them, change them, and then people will get
[01:02:05] the most updated version of your bot. So if you haven't shared a bot yet, please do. It's really, really easy to do. You just hit this, again, as I mentioned, share as template at the top, and then anyone will be able to kind of see your bot and use it for all its glory. Okay, so here's an example of how an email draft looks inside of GROKBOT. You'll notice that it has this really nice modal here, which basically allows you, again, to edit things, change things, do whatever you want. I can even change who my recipient is, if it's not the right person that I wanted to send it to.
[01:02:38] I can also delete it or ask it to rephrase it if I don't like the writing. And so this is kind of a good way of doing any form of email drafting within GROKBOT, so that you don't necessarily have to comb through all your drafts inside of your emails. You can kind of do all of that within Grockbot itself. And so we do a lot of obviously emailing outbounding within cursor. But the way that we do a lot of that is through Grockbot. And so it's a really powerful tool, especially when, as I mentioned, it can talk to slide guru
[01:03:09] or talk to other tools and get context from those agents to then incorporate inside of your email itself. OK, I'm going to look at DataDan one more time and looks like my copy form is ready. Amazing. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to say this looks great. Can you turn this into a QR code that people can scan? And then what I'll do is once the QR code is up, I'll have folks just scan it real quick. We'll get the responses. And then the last thing we'll do, we have about 10 minutes
[01:03:40] left is we'll turn those responses into some beautiful slides that will incorporate into our GROC bot 101 deck. And then we can all see what everyone's favorite coffee shop is both in the room and remotely. So it's going to generate a QR code in just a second, and then we'll be good to go. One thing that I do want to show before Data Dan kind of finishes is the sections in Brockbot that you can categorize things into. So you'll notice actually that I have two. Unassigned is basically Brockbot, so don't really have a place.
[01:04:11] But this is actually a link, we'll actually show a lot of these Brockbots in the engineering session. This is actually where my engineering team of Brockbots live. And I like having them in this particular area because it makes it really easy to kind of, you know, separate them from the agents that are in this session and also kind of categorize where things particularly, you know, belong or respond. You can create as many bots as you want, but you can also create group chats with your bots and then you can categorize those as well. So if I want to create a group chat, for example, with multiple bots, someone was asking me earlier, how is this different from the messaging each other?
[01:04:45] And it's more so a visibility thing. So for example, if I want to put email either in data-dans, slides, Sonya, and a group chat and kind of just see how they interact with each other. It makes it easier for me to kind of just see that communication protocol rather than me clicking into how they're messaging each one. So actually let's go ahead and just say hello and see how these three respond to each other. And then we'll give a second for data-dans to give us a little QR code here. Go ahead and do it.
[01:05:16] No need for a security check. One thing that I do want to call out is when Grogbot refuses to do something or when it's basically asking questions, take that as a sign that you may need to teach it something or you basically need to guide it into the place that you want it to go. So a lot of times, let's say if my Grogbot is writing a particular way, I'll basically give it the guidance so that it stores it in its memory of how it should be done. So I'll say something like, I want you to make sure that you never use my first and last name whenever referring
[01:05:51] to me, you just use my first name. Something like that that is now stored in this memory forever and going forward will keep that. So anytime you guide or steer GROCPA, understand that that's being stored in its memory in S3, but it's actually for the future, so that it's able to be guided whenever it's making choices on what it should do later in its life. OK, here's our QR code. If everyone wants to scan this and enter in data from the form, we'll get that data up there. I'll show you all again how Grockbot is able to see data
[01:06:23] and how it's able to translate that data into slides. And then we'll end it with some questions. And then remote folks, if you want to scan this as well, if you're watching from a live stream, I would love to see how many cups of coffee everyone's drinking and where they're getting their coffee from. Oh, is there no working? What are we getting? Oh, no access. Huh? Huh? Okay. Well, let's ask Rockbot. I'm going to say, looks like folks are unable to scan.
[01:06:58] Let's make sure this link is public. Excuse me. I actually will talk about this in my later session about debugging with Rockbot. As a field engineer, that's a big part of what I do. His customers will come and they'll ask me, hey, something isn't working. How do I fix it? And one thing that I do with Rockbot, that's really great, is I always give it information as to what's going wrong. How do I fix it? But then I also tell it when it does a good job in terms
[01:07:29] of giving it validation as to, OK, you debug this in the right way or you troubleshoot it in the right way. I've always found when debugging with GROC bot, both for engineering and field engineering work, is that the more details you give it, and the more validation you give it on how it tested a particular thing, the better it does. And so you'll see here that, for example, if I said, folks aren't able to scan this, let's make sure is like this public, it's automatically understanding, OK, I need to work on the sharing settings. It's probably going to go and check
[01:08:00] the sharing settings here right now. And then it'll kind of decide, OK, I'm going to get this copy responder link and make sure that people are able to find it. OK, cool. We'll give us a couple minutes while it figures it out. One thing I want to show with the group chat, let me actually just show that real quick, is our group chat that we made, is that as these agents are talking to each other, I can make sure that the agents stay in their own swim lanes, but that they're also able to understand
[01:08:33] the context of what the other agent can do. So as you can see here, they all understand their own workflows. But what they're able to do is that they're able to actually see how each agent works together in a particular use case. So for example, I can even talk to these agents and say, hey, Ethan, remember when you and Sonia worked on that email together? And then they would be able to use that context and then bring it into another task or another choice that it needs to make. So for example, I can say something like, let's work on creating a new slide inside slide Sonya.
[01:09:09] And I'll show that real quick. That has data. I'll just use the test spreadsheet that I had so far from the coffee data set from earlier. Create a chart on the last slide of the deck. And then also when you're done, email Ethan should send out an email to, I'll just use Jason again with details about the copy data.
[01:09:42] So this is an example again of how all of these agents are working together. But because they're in the group chat, I can see their communication styles without them just messaging each other one, one on one. So the delegation one on one is kind of up to you and how you want to show that. But inside of this group chat is basically the easiest way to see all of that delegation in one place. So you'll notice that each one of these agents will respond basically to my parent agent and then be able to see exactly how it will work together on this particular task.
[01:10:14] Cool. So you can see email Ethan says, all right, I've got these sample data already. And then what I'll do is I'll hold the note until Sonya slide lands. So that's a nice thing about these agents is they understand dependencies. And they're able to kind of see, okay, like, you know, this agent needs to do this work first and then another agent will respond after. And that makes it really easy for the agents to orchestrate their work without having any like conflicting changes. This is also really great for engineering use cases to avoid merge conflicts because you have one agent kind of understanding when there's another dependency and can work around those
[01:10:48] tools. Okay? So we'll let these guys work on this kind of coffee data set chart. In the meantime, we can go back to DataDan and see how they responded to this troubleshooting. So we can go ahead and see exactly what it's doing here to try and solve this issue. One of the biggest kind of advices that I like to give to folks is you're having trouble with GROC by accomplishing a task, work with it on exactly what your outcome is. So I always like to start with this is what I want to produce or this is my outcome, and then it will be able to kind of work backwards from there.
[01:11:20] Any time you kind of tell GROC about like, hey, this isn't working, but you're not giving it enough details. It's not able to learn from its mistakes. So the more you're able to guide it into the place that you want, which is, hey, I want to get this QR code working, but it's not working, you can push it in the right direction. So it's able to understand exactly what it should be doing again on its own machine here. So it has everything ready, which is great. But now it's having trouble sharing it, and that's where I can nudge it to exactly where I want it to go.
[01:11:52] Cool. I'm going to go back to the group chat again So we can see exactly how these four agents work with each other on this particular chart slide, whatever you want to call it. But one thing that I will add is you can add a orchestrator agent, as I've mentioned, kind of a chief of staff, to basically get live updates from all of these agents as they're working if you don't want to be the person that's kind of monitoring all of it. So what I'll actually do is I'll create someone called a manager.
[01:12:22] And I'll actually just name it live here. I'll save manager. And I'll say exactly who they're managing. So I'll say your job is to get updates from email Ethan, slide Sonya, and Data Dan on what they're working on. And then similarly, you can set up a routine in the manager agent as well. You can say something like every two hours maybe. I want you to solicit updates from your team
[01:12:53] and see if there are any blockers. And so a lot of times, I mean, this is a normal kind of workflow for humans, right? Is if you are working with a team and there's a blocker, you surface it to your manager and see how you can get unblocked, you can do the exact same thing with agents. So, for example, this manager agent, let's say we ran into that same problem earlier where DataDan wasn't able to create a shareable form. You can have the manager agent immediately get an update about that and say, hey, you know, DataDan is blocked on this particular thing. How are we going to be able to solve it?
[01:13:23] And, you know, let's ping and read out, let's ping slide Sonya and make sure that she is aware of this problem. And so this is kind of a really great way of having, again, that orchestration layer above your agents, but also being aware of anything that's getting blocked, anything that's not being able to get solved in time, just by having an orchestrator agent like this work on these tasks. OK? I'm going to go back to my group chat now. You'll see that email is standing by for a screenshot. The screenshot's going to be of the data that Slide
[01:13:53] Zonya is able to create from the coffee cups. And then what you'll do is you'll see a very similar email draft. You probably see a slide as well about all the data that you would get from like a coffee shop data and get that into a workable kind of presentable slide deck or email. So we'll see that in a second. In the meantime, I do want to check and see how this is going. We'll keep in touch with Data Dan. Just because at the end of the day, I do want to know what everyone's favorite coffee shop is. And so we will get that information before we leave.
[01:14:26] But we might have to bleed into the Q&A for that. So I'm about to pause at the end for the live stream. We do want to check back in with, or I encourage remote folks actually to check back in with Matt, Rochelle and Lauren on how their company is going. So please, if you are on the live stream, go check back in with them and see how it's going. If not, I'm happy to pause here. I'm going to keep all the GROC bots live here and running so we can see how things are going. We can see how DataDAN does. And then I'm happy to open it up for questions
[01:14:57] in the room for the last 15 minutes from anyone who is here in person. All right, cool, yeah, I'm happy I'm having questions, yes. Let me just repeat that. So how do you think about the capabilities
[01:15:28] that you're giving the bots in terms of, you know, maybe sending an email, making a payment, or interacting with somebody externally in a way that, you know, you'd ordinarily be careful of delegating that. Can you just tell me a little bit about how that gets in the way of the bot's workflows? Yeah, so when a bot asks you for approval, so for example, when we created this Google forum, DataDAN asks us for a lot of approvals, that is determined by something called our auto review tool, which basically
[01:15:59] has like a classifier under the hood that decides how risky or how safe is this particular action. Like, is this something that we want to ask a Maria approval for, or is this something that we feel comfortable doing? So we have a baseline auto review tool under the hood. And then in addition to that, we have those rules that I showed, which is, for example, I can always make sure, even if it's something very safe, like running, making a direct rate in terminal, or some sort of command like that, I can tell Grocbot,
[01:16:31] hey, even if you're making a new folder inside of my desktop, I want you to ask me for permission. So you can be as prescriptive as you want in those rules on how you want it to make decisions or you can let the author of your tool that we've built under the hood make those decisions for you. So it's kind of up to you on how safe you want to be in those scenarios. I will say though, I mean, you'll even see in this scenario, right? That Grocbo was even overly prescriptive here and asking me for questions. It was creating a forum, but I wanted to make sure that the forum it was creating
[01:17:02] wasn't asking for any PHI or PII, and it was making sure that every step of the way I was being involved. And that's just the author of you or that we have under the hood making those decisions for you. Just a quick follow-up. I was thinking more from the other direction of how you build enough trust so that you actually don't need to concentrate. I see what you're saying. Because otherwise they keep stopping you and they don't work on their own. Yeah. I will say that, for example, in this, this is actually not, I would say, particularly normal.
[01:17:34] Like usually when I work with my bots, it's not asking me for permission every single time. It's trying to create a form. There is that concept of memory, right? So the bots are able to learn, for example, if it asks me a question, let's say it says, should I email this person with this particular copy? I could respond to it and say, yeah, this looks great and going forward, you don't need to ask me about the copy. Just go ahead and send it. So if I want to give it that permission or if I want to kind of improve its memory that way, I can go ahead and do that and build that trust.
[01:18:07] Are we able to add human inside the group chat as well? so that you have bots and human all work together? That's a great question. We're working on something kind of similar to that. So for example, we have a use case where you can just tag a bot and Slack, for example. So I can say, at bot, I want you to add a new feature to our code base. And then someone else could also chime in in that thread. So one of my colleagues could be like, at bot, I also want you to make sure that the performance of the API
[01:18:37] and points on that feature is also up to par. So you can have humans and bots working together. Right now, I'm seeing it kind of like in a slack thread. So you can have multiple people chime in on a bot, and the bot can work in with all of that inputs. We're still working on what that interface will look like inside of GROC bot, but that should be coming very soon as having like a multiplayer group chat mode with humans and bots working together. Any other questions from folks in the room?
[01:19:12] Yeah, I see a couple. I've got a couple of questions. So for enterprise, is there like any in the roadmap the VMs could access internal tools? Yeah, so it depends, again, on what tools you can give it access to. So your GROKBOX computer, you can basically make it as lockdown or as open as you want it to be. So for example, I think someone was asking me earlier, like, I wanted to access MongoDB instance.
[01:19:42] You can give your GROKBOX credentials on how it's computer and then use that for whatever work it needs to get done. You could also have your GROKBOX computer be a part of your VPN if there's particular things in your company or your code base that you want to make sure that Grogbot does or doesn't have access to. So any internal systems Grogbot can access. You just have to make sure that you give it the right credentials. We have actually released a really good integration with one password. So if there's anything that it needs across those secure credentials, it can do that as
[01:20:13] well. But yes, it can absolutely access internal systems just depending on what the auth looks like there. And can you just share a little bit more about the learning from the video, like what's going on in the back? And is it taking screenshots? And what's actually? Yeah. So you can see here, let's actually see how this does. So you can see here, right? This was getting data from a particular spreadsheet. And it's using that data to either create a slide
[01:20:43] or send out an email. You'll notice that you can see here a couple things. The first is that all of these agents work with their own computers. And so if I ask them to take a screenshot on something, it totally can. If I also ask it, for example, like I asked, you know, data Dan, to be able to create a form, it can do that as well. So anything that I can do on my own machine, Rockbot can do on its machine. Anything that I want saved, for example, a screenshot or even an artifact if I want it to give me a PDF or a PowerPoint slide, it can do that as well.
[01:21:14] And then I can save those locally. But everything that's happening in this little screen here is on GROC Bot's machine. And what makes that so powerful is these are all happening in the cloud. Meaning I can shut my laptop, and it will still work. GROC Bot will still be working on my slide deck without me even having my laptop open. And so that's kind of the beauty of all of this is data, Dan, slide, Sonia, and email Ethan. I'll have access to their own computers. They're able to, again, modify forms. are able to create slides, they're able to create spreadsheets,
[01:21:46] and they can do all of that with my laptop closed because of their computer access. So I meant, if you can go down a deep into the teacher task field, what's going on? Is it, when you teach a task, when it watches the screen, is it taking screenshots and learning? Yeah, so the teacher task in particular, you can see here that it said, OK, I wanted to add an animation to the slide. It was able to watch that video that I showed it, and then it was able to see, OK, this is exactly what you showed. I was able to select an object, pick the type, look it optionally, and then once it's done, what it does is it
[01:22:18] saves this as a skill. And so I can click into this here and see that it now has this skill for adding an animation. And I can now use this skill whenever I want going forward. So anytime I want to say, hey, remember the animation I showed you earlier? I want you to go ahead and add that to this section. And then I have a question. And then my question is, you mentioned that there is an option to share templates and turn on the teams? Is there also a public marketplace? Yes. Yes. Templates or bots from other people?
[01:22:49] Yep. So actually, if I actually just load my marketplace here, you'll see these are all bots from just public market places. So if you guys actually open up Gropbot on your phone, on your laptops, you should see all of these bots. Clares, Lawrence, Erics, and Lenny's have all been published publicly. These are the ones from the Gropbot team that are internal just to me. But you'll see a lot of the published marketplace bots on your marketplace, whatever you kind of open it up. And then if you want to share your own bot with us as well,
[01:23:20] we actually have a challenge that's going on right now just so I don't forget. I'll quickly show this. Is if you want to explain what your bot does and actually give a link to your bot, we're basically giving people a chance to go visit Starbase and potentially see a star link, sorry, a Starship launch. And so this is kind of a good segue to if you ever want to see a bot on marketplace, it could be your own. If you go ahead and just enter right here.
[01:23:50] OK, I'll put this QR code up in the end, because I do think there's a couple more questions. But this QR code will work. Yes? I'm interested in the one password that you mentioned. So do you have to sign into one password on the bots virtual computer? Yes. So basically, what will happen is it will actually pop up a modal, let me see if I can show the email modal that we had. It will pop up a modal similar to this when asked to log into one password.
[01:24:22] And whenever it does models like this where let's say you have to put API secrets or environment secrets, it stores that very securely within GROC bot so that none of that is actually being exposed to us or any one of the space excides. So it will actually show up here rather than on their VM machine and then it will use those credentials to log into whatever services you need. Thank you for the presentation. Can you explain a little bit how the memory works? Yeah. Can you edit it? Can you curate it?
[01:24:53] How does it forget stuff that you don't need anymore? Great question. So memory is stored in S3 buckets inside of GROKBA. And basically, what that means is it's long lived, it's persistent, but you can also modify it. And so if there's anything that you want to do around asking it to forget a particular thing that it's done, for example, one time I had a list of bots that I deleted for a particular demo. And I asked the Chief of Staff bot to say, hey, remember those two bots that you spun up? I want you to no longer delegate to them or use them.
[01:25:24] And so there's kind of a little bit of a nuance there where a bot has memory about everything that you've told it. But for example, if it delegated to another bot that no longer exists, it's not going to remember that. Or it's not going to know that that bot has been deleted. So there are some things there where you're going to have to update and improve its memory. so that it's able to learn from those things. Another great thing about memory is, as I mentioned, you can duplicate bots. When you duplicate a bot, what it's nice about it is that it starts with fresh contacts and fresh memory. And so it'll have the same kind of persona that you want,
[01:25:55] which is, for example, this email Ethan, but it's not going to have any of the memory that it had before. It's almost like starting like a brand new human or robot with zero memory, but still the workings and understandings of how to go forward. Great question. We have about four more minutes. I'm going to put this slide back up so you all can see it. And then I will end with just a couple learnings to kind of sum up what we've done so far.
[01:26:27] My biggest advice about Rockbot is to try it. It's very simple, as you saw, to spin up any number of bots. But I think what I like to do whenever I think about using Rockbot is I think of what is the most annoying part of my day that I wish I didn't have to do. In this scenario, it could be creating Google Forms and sending them out and then analyzing data. It could be something from outbounding emails. You'll see a lot of that in the GROC bot for sales and GROC bot for SDRs. It could be something like for the engineering team,
[01:26:58] like cleaning up stale feature flags. For field engineers, it could be anything from responding to customer support tickets that I've forgotten about. So I encourage everyone to think about a part of their day that they wish they didn't have to do, or they wish they could get time back from, and then work with GROKBOT on it. Think of some agents that you can work on, whether you give them kind of a personality and the kind of working to be able to do your job, but also to take that part of your job and then invest that time elsewhere. I think that's the beauty of GROKBOT.
[01:27:28] Is now I have this time back that I can spend either curating more demos or drinking more coffee. Whatever kind of makes me happy is what I'm able to do thanks to GROKBOT. And I've heard some great stories from today of how people have used it, but have made me really happy to hear. So I encourage folks to talk to other people in the crowd as well and hear how they're using GROKBOT because it's really, really interesting to see how different companies of different sizes are able to leverage GROKBOT for a host of different use
[01:27:58] cases here. Cool. So to summarize, I think this was up long enough. I hope everyone's gone that screenshot. To summarize today's learnings, kind of three main things. The first is bots and access tools that are outside of MCPs. So bots can create forms, bots can create Qualtrics data, bots can, again, use services inside of your guy's customer VPNs. What's nice about that is that you no longer have to connect to MCPs and go through auth.
[01:28:30] All you have to do is give bot its computer and say, hey, this is what I want you to access, this is what I want you to do. Again, start with the outcome with bot, and then it'll be able to work backwards, as I said, and figure out what it needs to do in order to get to that outcome. Bots have memory, including learned from video teaching. So we saw that earlier where I taught bot how to learn animation, then I was able to use that as a skill and apply that going forward. We talked about memory a little bit in terms of you can have basically a bot that works across multiple projects, because it's
[01:29:01] an expert in its domain. It's a persona. It's not a task. And that's what makes it so powerful is that you can have a long living bot working across many different things. And then, I mean, we learned this very well, that bots get human approval for tasks. And that's because we want to make sure that bots are ready for an enterprise setting, that it's asking you for permission for the right things, and that it's not going to, you know, do anything dangerous or be a bad actor and basically get you exactly what it needs to get done without, you know, without doing anything that you wouldn't want it to.
[01:29:33] All right. That's it for me. Thank you everybody.

[01:30:56] We're back. Welcome back everybody. You just saw a rock bot 101 with Anne Read and Roman. And so, you know, today is going to be a mix of these sessions and then in person building. And you might also notice we have a new guest. So I'm going to walk through a quick warning show. We're going to introduce our guest here. And then we're going to get to build it. Oh, we really did for the last like 30 minutes was hang out. Maybe we got some, we got our coffee, we got our water. We just backed off. We made some, we made a slack. So we'll show you what we got. But before I get into the next walk, I just want to give everybody a rundown.
[01:31:27] General overview, my team is telling me I have to say this, so we're going to say it. We have Grockbot for engineering, super exciting section. I mean, we have so many great engineers with SpaceX AI. I'm a ton of them. I literally can't believe I could work with these people. And we're just giving this away for free. Honestly, I feel like, if there was a course guy out there that would be making so much money. But we're generous. This is the course. So that's a 1230 PST to 230 to 330 is GROKBOC for product managers We have a product manager with us. We have a former product manager. Yeah, you have a good product manager
[01:32:01] I'm a badger problem Again, we'll do some interest but rock block for product managers at 230 with Kevin and then GROKBOC for founders forward of later this evening So you're going to want to see all of those, but joining us right now is Peter Yang, the great Peter Yang. So Peter, maybe you want to tell our viewers a little bit about yourself. Yeah, hey everyone, my name is Peter. I was a product manager for over a decade, and I kind of sent my retired non-no YouTuber after all that training. And I think make practical AI interviews and tutorials. And I really love Glockbot. I use Glockbot to run my one person business.
[01:32:38] I talked to my boss all day, so a few months it's kind of sad, but you know I try and yeah, we're excited to be here Yeah, so Peter runs behind the crap, which is a newsletter, right? Yeah, and then in your newsletter a lot of people read this newsletter Yeah, I hope these people not boss, but yeah Okay, so not boss, not people, people on YouTube channel So this is gonna be kind of the vibe like as we bring people in we're just gonna chat and what better way to start building a product than with someone who's built some of these products that I'm reading in the Peter's or amazing products.
[01:33:09] So I think first thing we're gonna do start hiring some employees, right? Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, should we do a quick tour of how we set things up? I agree, yeah, so you're gonna walk through what we got so far on his screen. So we cut over there and we can start going through what we got. Yeah, let's do it. So yeah, we weren't completely slacking off in the last few minutes during that presentation. little bit, you know, any any good company formation involved some some gathering of thoughts. But yeah, we got a couple things set up so I don't know if we can see my screen here, but we're we got a
[01:33:42] couple of setups here. We have our ship by Thursday GitHub org, which I think we talked about a little bit before so you can see it's blank. No repository set. We'll we'll get that going pretty soon hopefully. We did make ourselves a slack channel so we in our box can chat with each other. I think that'll That'll be really great. We have a lot of fun day to day in SpaceX AI Slack getting to be able to chat with our bots and having them interact in Slack. So I think that'll be really helpful. We have a notion workspace. We wanted to write some stuff down, maybe create some handbooks, some onboarding guides for
[01:34:16] all these bots we're going to hire. What do you think, Lauren? Should we be taking notes in notion? I don't really take notes, but you can do whatever you want. I like to do it the moment I see it. I think we'll need docs maybe for keeping track of things, backlog items. But I'm wondering if we can just be really scrappy and really fast moving.
[01:34:48] And because docs are just going to go out of date so quickly. So I think we should hire something employees. You know, what do you think? Let's hire some bots. We need some bots. Yeah, let's do it. OK, let me just switch over to Grockbot. So this is my Grockbot. As you can see, it's completely blank. And well, there's nothing here. The only thing I have done is I've gone into the marketplace and I've connected the X, MCP. And so we have our connection to X all set up. And I guess, Peter, I'm curious to hear, where do you think we should start? We talked a little bit off camera about young people using research maybe and getting started that way and kind of like understanding the voice of the customer
[01:35:20] and thinking of some future hire a market research bot or something because you know, normally PMC research but we're too late to see now so that's how you're about to do. Cool. So in Rotions making a market research bot, we're aware of some issues on the AV side. We're gonna get the screen share back for y'all but we're just creating a new bot just like you saw in Grop Bot 101. And once that's back, we'll have that up for y'all. Best practices when creating bots, I'd be curious to hear what you think here. You gotta give it like a really funny name. That's number one. Oh man, I called it market research bot. So I guess we shouldn't call it that. All right, what should we call our first bot?
[01:35:50] I don't know, should we ask the chat or? Yeah, chat. Yeah, chat. Where do you get some ideas? Hey, people watch it like what you're going to have to all in these thoughts. So we're going to do market research. And if you weren't following along, what we did was yesterday on Twitter, we asked, hey, what should we build? We also did that in the SpaceX AI slide. So maybe the first thing that might be a challenge if you've ever started a business is like, how do you talk to users? Well, we have thousands of messages. And we're going to use GROKBOT to create this market research bot and just kind of go through these messages. So yeah, that's the first thing we're going to start
[01:36:20] is doing. Someone said a marquee mark. Marquee mark. OK. I kind of like that. Let's go with marquee mark. Marquee mark face. Marquee make mark face. Marquee. OK. We're going to marquee make mark face. It's a classic. OK. Classic marketing name. And then you know what I think it might be fun to do is just kind of look through all the great feedback we've gotten on X so far. And there's a bunch of posts in the past few days. So many. So I'm going to just say that works. I did start building a business at potato. Matt, what's your X-handle again?
[01:36:51] My ex-handle is Maddie P. Maddie P and then Peter? Peter G. Peter G. Yang. Okay. Also, Regen, I'm getting a note from production. You might want to just check your Slack. We got a new link to Shed Screen. This should fix some of the issues that we're having on screen. Okay, let me get that going while we look at the sound. As with anything that's, you know, we're gonna have issues. We're building a company. Not everything is working perfectly. We are building it as we go. That includes the AV set up to some extent. By the way, do we have a company? Should we have a company name?
[01:37:21] Should we have a company name? I mean, I feel like shipped by Thursday is the current company name, and then we have to figure out what we're actually building. Yeah, but I mean, just something, you know, like a whole, I don't know, like. It sounds like you have something in mind. Yeah, I don't have anything in mind. OK. Potato lab. Potato lab? Maybe we like the potato. Can we get some rock bots on it? Some like some comms, rock bots, or something? OK, I can get a bot on suggesting us. I ask for the most name worthy company name. in the company name. All right, I think I have a screen share working.
[01:37:53] All right, so Rochon says the screen share is fixed. We're going to try and get the screen share fix on camera. Yay. All right. Yeah. Step one, we can make sure we're doing. OK, so maybe now we'll go back and show what I showed earlier. Blank Rockbot, although we just made Marky McMark face over here. I did go ahead and get the X plugin installed. And so we have this already authenticated with my X account. You'll notice that. My mind is on the same end, I believe. Oh yeah, let me do that. There we go. A little easier to see there.
[01:38:23] Yeah, all these plugins are great. It makes it really easy to just add stuff to your bot. And I think a lot of the way that work gets done these days is by connecting all kinds of systems. We have a bunch of featured bots who probably bring some of those in as we go. Lauren, I know you have Dr. Eiffel out here that might make an appearance at some point. So try to show that off. Dr. Eiffel. Yeah, I kind of just figured we start by just saying that we're excited to start building a business. We've all been posting on X about this livestream. consider the calls in the background here. So we're going to do an infinity mirror. Got it. OK, let me just make this full screen.
[01:38:54] Send this ice feedback from what's been suggested by people replying to our recent posts. All right. I'm curious from you all. Have you seen anything in your replies? Anything that's come up from your deep dives? I see meters over there on Slack or on X, maybe trolling through some ideas too. for a company name or? Yeah, well actually what we're going to build. So we're starting to look through some X feedback that we got.
[01:39:25] Yeah. Curious as a product manager, when you're doing research, how you start to think through what ideas are good, what ideas you could trust your gut on, these sorts of things. You just ask the 200-something people on the stream like what they wanted to pay for. Just go for it. Not on the screen. No, I think just like the screen went out like, which is like Amazon framework where it's like, who is the customer going after? What is their pain point? was the value of kind of thinking through that lens. Yeah. So it was the customer. Who were we building before? Yeah. Who is our customer? Oh, I'm building for everybody that's watching this.
[01:39:56] And I think, you know, sort of part of what we wanted to do in this stream is like, we're doing, okay. How do we create a company that's like cool? Like, let me show you some cool stuff. Because, you know, we want to show you the interesting tech behind building a company. But then also, just part of making companies is like very clerical. Like, we're just like creating accounts. We set up Slack. We had to fix some of the screen-chairing logistics, right? It's just like, there's still a lot of work that just has to get done. And so we also want to show you the stuff that we can automate. And we want to build something that's not too esoteric. We want to build something that's accessible
[01:40:27] and that people understand as a true business, which is about helping people. So I think those are the ideas that we're going to ground ourselves in and what we're looking for. So something cool that we can have some cool tech around, but then also something that's kind of for everybody, you know, that we can engage with. Yeah, I feel like the audience, I have in mind that the kind of people I imagine would get a lot of value out of Gropbot are people who maybe don't necessarily do a lot of AI coding.
[01:40:58] Like these are, I'm just imagining the use case is like, someone like my mom who can barely use her email. Maybe she could learn how to use Gropbot. And actually the business that we create could be something that she would understand. I think that would be really interesting. So mom, if you're watching, you're going to make a business that hopefully you understand. But yeah, I don't know if you want to make something like true technical.
[01:41:30] I guess I really want to see what the comments come back with. Because there's a lot of ideas that we got. And some of them are really interesting. And also if I can do a shameless plug of my own idea, I did this tweet. Do you want to bring it up? Yeah. If you look up my profile on X, I made this tweet about my idea for a graph bot. And what do you all think?
[01:42:01] How much would you pay for a graph bot? Can we give it a go? Yeah, this is great. I'll give it a go. I did it in the chat. How much would you buy this? How much would you like the little graph bot? Yeah, it's got little graph bot logo. It glows. Maybe we can figure out how to animate the eye or something. Yeah, yeah. You got to find a factory in China or something to make this. Yeah, yeah. That'd be interesting. And of course, there's potatoes inside. It's cooking some potatoes. Love it. Love it. Yeah, definitely something to cook up for us to do here.
[01:42:31] Let's see how our agent is doing. It looks like he's still trying to find some threads. One trick I like to do with Grapa is you can always tell your bot, like, give me a status update every three minutes or something like that. If you want, you know, I guess like more responsiveness. It is working behind the scenes, but sometimes if you feel you're antsy, like what's my bot doing, you can just ask it. Yeah, yeah. Actually, like interrupting bots a lot. It's like, hey, no, actually do this
[01:43:03] and said and just be able to chat with it a little bit more. Yeah. And I find that's like a lot more fun to do when you do that versus having sort of like an LLN that you're kind of waiting for a response for all the time. Oh, there we go. Well, looks like I nudged and that nudged helped. Okay. Let's go through some of the themes. So looks like we found a bunch of ideas here. Let's go through a few of them. Okay, so not another SaaS demo. Yeah. Yep. This one's good. People want something physical, local, or non-tech customer. That's kind of exactly what you were just talking about, Lauren. So we got a few folks in the mentions here.
[01:43:35] Hardware company, painting company. What's that? I love that. Well, we can use a makeover maybe. We get some painters. No, that's a great job. But if you need a new coat of paint on your house, we're going to come out and rock bought painting company. Yeah, I like that. Real businesses for non-tech customers. Something not sass, OK. Looks like we've got a category here on something fun in the consumer space. OK. Yo-pets. I saw a lot of that. Yo-pets. Got a lot of fun. Yeah, we're not also get the crypto stuff out of the chat.
[01:44:08] There's no meme coins for not doing any of this. I don't know. NeoPets though. I get excellent product. Club Penguin. Shout out to all the other people. Yeah. I'm reminiscing about it. Maybe we bring something retro back. I like that. I like that. I like this, a company that builds companies. So maybe we can make it. That's kind of meta. Yeah. Maybe have agents build, like a company that helps people build or achieve their own goals. Yeah. Yeah. I like this platform. We were talking about this backstage as well, but I'm really big on platforms lately. Having a way for folks to be creators themselves
[01:44:38] or kind of empower their businesses, Mr. Platform. Yeah, well, what do we, like, maybe small business owners or like restaurant here, or like people who are not super tech savvy? Yeah, because like, just like a love, just like a lot of logistics and boring stuff they have to do to run business. A big rock bot can help with. Yeah, I actually really like that too. And that kind of hips on the sort of physical, real element as well. There might be something there. A lot of people are suggesting that we kind of build something for the chat. So I think we have 70,000 people who pre-registered,
[01:45:11] but quite a few more people watching right now. And so maybe we build, you know, pick something that folks want to automate and try to make that happen. And then a bunch of really fun ideas here. Book marketing for indie authors. Maybe a landscaping or tree service marketplace. Thank you for the marketplace shout out. A Pokemon card marketplace. I like that. Something related to climate. something related to getting dinner delivered, M&A advisory.
[01:45:41] We got some shout out through Club Penguin in the next night. Can I ask you guys a random question? Oh yeah sure. See like Club Penguin, like what are your favorite games that you played up as a child that you grew up with? Smashed them with my timeline. Oh man. Oh actually I have some lore. So I came up with my Twitter handle, Petito, because I was playing this MMO called Final Fantasy 14. Yeah. I'm a big fan of Final Fantasy and I was struggling to come up with a name for my character. I had a couple of ideas but I created the, I actually been blanking on the name now but
[01:46:17] there's this race in the game where you're like this little tiny chibi character and so I was like oh this this my character was kind of like a potato so I named it potato And then of course the potato normal selling was taken so I decided to go with the potato with an E. So yeah that was uh... And like that legend was bored. Yeah it was very fun. So final fantasy said 14? 14 yeah. That's the MMO version. That's the MMO version.
[01:46:48] I saw plenty of like 7 I think so yeah 14 probably is. Yeah. For me it was always Asia Empire's which I feel like it's a lot of other Renaissance right now. that I've seen on X. But yeah, I was on a huge fan of the strategy games growing up. Which made me say something about my chosen career profession. But yeah, just something about like a bunch of stuff. I never really gotten to the high 8pm starcraft side of that, but loved like classic strategy kind of thinking through plans and building the engine building games have always been a favorite. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what they think about PM. That makes sense. That's what they say. That's what they say is like if you like
[01:47:20] age of empires, factorial, like you know, starcraft, all these things, you're like super good at like being a high-achieving person, like using agents. I'm sure it was like my favorite game. I'm exactly the opposite, by the way, so everything I'm gonna tell you is like, that's like essentially rot in my brain, but this may be who I am today, you know? So, please. Yeah, no, it's like, I loved, I think like in terms of consoles, so like when I was a kid, it was like, PlayStation 2, GameCube, like into the Wii era, you know? So it was like Super Smash Brothers, some other like Wii stuff,
[01:47:50] like random Wii games are super fun. And then like, you know, Star Wars, Battlefront, Tony Hawk Pro Skater, just like, typical, you know, like- Console games. Yeah, exactly. Console games, not a lot of computer stuff. So yeah, I feel like that was all really fun. Yeah, for me, it's definitely real-time strategy too, except I was reading to Starcraft. Okay, now I was at- Starcraft. Like, I always get my classes to play Starcraft and- Wait, do you think like using bots now is kind of feels like playing Starcraft? I think the ultimate- People say the ultimate user interface for AI is like voice, but I think it's actually
[01:48:21] just playing game. I think so too. I agree. I'm pretty okay. I think I've been amazing. I actually feel that sometimes you know at work where you know I've gone from writing documents and I think a lot of early PM work was you'd write a really long brief. I mean it has some debate about notion earlier right? You write a really long brief you like specify all these requirements and then you kind of go and build them and now it feels like definitely a bit more gamified right? Where you're prompting bots and the bots are the things that are doing the writing or the creating and you're kind of just like this orchestrator. So yeah I think there's a bit of strategy, you know, game feel to working with bots.
[01:48:55] I was asking Lauren backstage what her series like any products specs. And she's like, no, I don't really have products. But even before I got it, I don't think my engineers read any products specs anyway. It's just kind of, you know. I mean, yeah, I think product specs have a place. I think the thing I've been trying to challenge myself now that we have the agents and mods is. So actually on the SpaceX AI Slack, my status is permanently why not today. And it's like a kind of almost mantra motto that I, you know, believe in, which is,
[01:49:30] you have this magical input box, right? You have this alien intelligence that lives in your computer. And it's almost like your casting spells almost because, like, whatever you type into that input, but the agent can just do it. The bot can just build it. And so everything is almost like a prom to A. So I always try to challenge myself like, instead of filing an issue, I could just open a PR. I could just prompt my bot to go fix the thing. Same thing for a product. Like, instead of a very detailed PRD,
[01:50:02] I could have prototypes that I could bring to the team. And then we can actually devate a clickable thing you can interact with. It's much more visual. It's much more real. So I was wondering if we should try to challenge ourselves to tell the boss right now to make a... To make them the daughter's by the end of the third. We have three dates, right? Two to this. Yeah, we have three days. We're rapidly wasting time. Oh, yeah. We are getting exciting. I think it's still back. It's a lot better. I actually just prompted. So I was like, OK, here's some of the direction
[01:50:33] that we're going in. And maybe we can prove out bought with a real world operator. And I think there's some interesting things that came out of this. So a neighborhood, restaurant, ops assistant. And one of the things that I think is still important in this day where code is relatively cheap and we can create things quickly is getting a real crisp understanding of what the user stories are. And so I still like to ground on user stories. I don't know if that's how you still think about the world. Yeah, and so what I asked the bot for here was like, let's come up with some user stories. And so what I really like is that I think the bot
[01:51:04] gets understanding the assignment here and proactively suggested also some day one demos that we could come up with. And so maybe this is what we do is we come up with a couple of prototypes and see how we feel. But I like this, you know, for if you're a restaurant operations manager, maybe you want a single morning brief of reservations and things that are on the menu or off the menu, or maybe as an owner, you can help manage your reviews on a review platform. I really like that. So some examples here of helping people with chores or weekly pains, maybe you need to hire a contractor
[01:51:34] for a service or something like that. helping people with, like, app small organizations, maybe like coordinating philanthropy organizations, or if I'm a volunteer coordinator, how do I kind of like run my group of folks? He's also pretty cool. Yeah. I like some of the ideas around like local stuff, right? Like it would be pretty cool if I could do something physical in person in the Bay Area. We mentioned this on the opener, but maybe something that kind of bridges the gap between technology and like real tangibles. I think that could be a stretch. It's gonna be hard, like, especially when you're like, okay, I wanna help out a business.
[01:52:05] How do we do that from a streaming booth? You know, it's three of us. Like, are people we might be able to get to help us, but like? Yeah, I think that could be really interesting. Is there any kind of like in-person thing you're thinking of? I mean, the first thing you said there was what restaurant ops business or something? Yeah, actually, it's funny. I just, I like that message. So I hearted the bots reaction. And it's now running with it. It's like, I'm like, it's like working in. Here's open brief. Open Reef is a, or Kitchen Desk.
[01:52:36] It's proactively just some names. People are saying, I don't know if I like the names, but we can get it back to that. We can get it back to that. I don't know if people are asking you to share the screen. Oh, can we see my screen? Yeah, we'll make a note to the production team to get the screen back on. Oh, this is my screen, which is fine. Russian, sitting next to me, will get over to his screen this second. I was also doing some market research here. So what Russian was mentioning is that you can at any time, if you like, right click, or whatever, I can like, heart this message. And when you heart a message, you know, graph bot knows that you're harder to message,
[01:53:06] so you can see our little bot down here saying, oh hey, Matt like that message, it's gonna incorporate that into a follow up. So I also created a market research bot. We also have templates, so Rochelle could have shared that template with me. But now that it knows I like this message, you know, it can incorporate that. So what we were saying is basically, and we can also use voice because it's hard to type on a live stream, saying something like, if I wanna dictate, I could click this button and say, okay, We kind of like some of these restaurant ideas. So maybe you could start to think through business ideas
[01:53:36] that incorporate an in-person element, and how we might start to bridge the gap between a local restaurant business, and what we're doing here in the booth, like maybe that's experiential. Maybe we're like, I don't know, creating a pop-up for restaurants, or maybe we're helping out a local restaurant owner. But these are all ideas that we got. I think it's kind of like, plenty of two different segments. People who want to maybe start a new restaurant, I want to test it out with a pop-up first. people who already have a restaurant as well, more efficiently runs right. Strong. Yeah, that's an off-angle, then also like a setup angle.
[01:54:08] Yeah, yeah. Maybe you can kind of explore that space a little bit. Yeah, okay, cool. Sweet. Yeah, so I mean, as we're ideating here, the nice thing is that like just like Rochon, like I had an X connector that I added, we're setting this up on the fly so like literally none of our plugins are connected. I just added my X and now I'm chatting through this. So pop up OS for restaurants. Oh, I like that. That's kind of interesting. So a pop-up studio that helps local restaurants spin up a limited run concept. Yeah. We build the operating system live where a real chef would be a customer.
[01:54:42] Adopt a restaurant so we're like helping a struggling San Francisco business which I think is very no-one potentially something to explore. Experiencial dinner theater. Creative. And a ticketed supper club. Oh, I like the ticketing part of that actually. Okay. That can be kind of fun to build. You're like I guess like a lot of events have ticketing these right or maybe like Yeah, I'm seeing people who signed up about the event Book reserves tables for attendees. Oh, that's interesting. Um interesting So getting some typical AI responses here the best combo pop up OS with one real
[01:55:17] SF restaurant, okay So the idea here is is what Grop out of suggesting is that we would build some sort of like like engineering stuff on the back end that allows us to host a restaurant pop-up with actually someone in San Francisco where we would presumably find a location, find a chef, find a restaurant that we could partner with to then host an event. So we ship a product, we help the owner, and then we stage something that people can taste or pick up. Yeah, how do you guys feel about this?
[01:55:48] What do we feel? I don't know, this seems interesting. I really like it. I really like pop up or OS. Just putting on my engineer hat for a moment. I guess the tech for this could be pretty interesting because running a pop up is sounds pretty complicated. We all need like event management, payments, sign up systems, things like that. That could be pretty interesting to build. It's probably some booking that has to be done right? Like if we can, yeah, we don't have those table seats. I know I booked some restaurants locally.
[01:56:19] It's really excellent restaurants in San Francisco. It's like, oh, I can pick a time that I show up. Because the restaurant's going to run from like, I don't know. Say this is like a day or we pick focus on it dinner. I don't even know if we're going to do this session. We'll be like, OK, well, I can have a table from like 4 to 5, from 4 to 5.30. So we'd have to think about the layout of this location of the restaurant. We'd have to think about, I guess maybe sticking step back the number of people that we could accommodate. And then, OK, do people call in? Like, do people book online? Yeah. We can do both. Crazy idea. Why don't we just start prototyping?
[01:56:50] I think it'd be really cool to just get P-stack installed and maybe show folks how we just quickly step out some prototypes here. I find it's maybe we just should be looking and feeling and touching all the things. Yeah, I think you could spame up a landing page. That's our favorite restaurant in SF. It's just a pop-up maybe even for Dreamforce nearby. Yeah, let's do it. So Lauren, do you want to start maybe stubbing out some, should we switch over to your screen? And so we're gonna cut over to Lauren's screen, assuming she has everything set up. Do I have that set up?
[01:57:21] There's a note from the AV team. There's a link on our side for you to check out that has a screen share. So once you get that set up, we'll have access to your screen. Cool. And I wonder if maybe we should try and divide and conquer a bit. So it sounds like we want to maybe talk like a bunch of local businesses of some kind maybe restaurants. So we try and spin up like a go-to-market motion. We want a go-to-market. Yeah, the prospecting bought. I think it was the prospecting bought in our market. OK, yeah, so let's think about this. Essentially, what assuming we take this idea, what we're going
[01:57:54] to do is we're going to find a restaurant tour or someone that knows how to make food because I can cook, I mean, I can go for meat. You don't want me cooking for you, right? So we're going to find someone that knows how to make food. And then the second piece of that is we have to find some people that want the food, as well as all the logistics that might go into that for the pop-up. So those are all the things we'll need to start doing. And to do that, you need to reach out to real human beings. So we're going to have bots that reach out to those things. I think the place I want to start, I'm not a PM, but I want to start with a doc.
[01:58:24] I want to start writing all this stuff down. So I might just start doing a brain dub in Notion. It sounds like you can maybe we want to start with some prototyping, Lauren can start setting up some P stack stuff. Peter can help us figure out what the heck we're doing here because we're completely lost. So that's what we have here. I want to share some sort of landing page that the check as she goes check the girls. Okay cool. It's possible. Yeah, so like on the prototyping side, we can literally like literally create a new bot. I'll call this like my prototyping bot.
[01:58:54] You are prototype. But we're going to use cursor to come up with a landing page prototype. By the way, do you want to install Dr. Eggbot? Dr. Eggbot. Yes. Thank goodness. I'll show you exactly what we're cooking with here. For those of you who don't know, Dr. Eggbot is a bot I created. It uses PStack, which is my plugins that I created for doing
[01:59:29] engineering work. And I basically taught Eggbot how to create high-quality bots. So there's my screen. All right. I have Dr. Eggbot installed. I just installed the good doctor. And then I have a Stevebot that channels Steve. And I had it look through some of the call for ideas. And I guess it came out with different.

[02:00:00] Different ones as well, but did we want to prototype these ideas or did we want to go with the? I'm feeling pretty good about the restaurant business Like I think we can maybe just start Prototyping some of the restaurant stuff unless you like I know you're gonna get into some of your like super poweries or workflows Or you're spending up like thousands of pages already see okay Well if you like that let me see if we can filter for filter for Interesting like in person business ideas maybe you can ask the bot to do some research on like really good
[02:00:34] Restaurants that sell pitos are like Pato chips are I feel like we should have like a prospecting and then a building and maybe we kind of like dividing conquer a little bit. Yeah Yeah, let's see what and then you know the other thing I'm also thinking of is it might be good to bring in like a designer Bot and help us brand so if you want it just maybe we could like stub out a prototype And then I could toss in a designer to help us review some of those prototypes Do you know any good design bots I don't actually? Yeah, I think I have a design bot somewhere I can loop bin. Let me go ahead and find that. Oh, it'll also be really interesting if we could get
[02:01:06] some bots from the chat to hire. I think that'd be really interesting because right now, yeah, my bot sidebar is pretty lonely. I have an X bot that just uses the plugin, then Steve, which is my main, the only bot I have right now, and then Dr. Ragebot, which I just installed. So Steve came back with some other in-person company ideas. We have the paint shop again, local service businesses,
[02:01:37] Piano Tuning. That's an interesting one. AI rebuilt construction or trades, and then billboard outdoor signs. Although I'm kind of struggling, how would I prototype these things? Cool but harder in three days. Hardware recycling. Festival to what is that? Not entirely sure what a festival to is. YouTube? We're eat Senator Rootaxi? Oh, look, we cut off fun.
[02:02:08] I have an idea. Why don't we, the pop-up idea, I think, is one that we... I think we're aligned on the pop-up idea. I don't know that we need to see necessarily something that we can do in the roadside. I think what the platform idea is pretty interesting. So maybe we still on the platform. We got a lot of stuff. We got to lay the foundation for it. Literally our GitHub work is empty. Our notion is empty. So Lauren can start prototyping the vision. You build a shell of what this could look like. Actually, what I really love to do is to use the dictation feature
[02:02:40] and just yeah, for doing it. And then see in the tells Steve to come back. OK, cool. So yeah. Plan. So based on what we aligned on, let's hear your thoughts. OK. All right, Steve, we're trying to build a pop-up platform start up. So we're going to need to think about, well, the first thing I want to think about is what bots will mean, I suppose. And there, you can maybe work with Dr. Eggbot
[02:03:11] to help me come up with a small engineering team to put together a prototype, I suppose. Something that is really loose and scrappy, just so we can validate the idea. So I'm wondering if we just, you know, we don't even need a database, maybe, to start. We could literally use like a Google sheet as a database for now. We're going to just put it like front-end copy. And it was just, or we could do a landing page.
[02:03:44] Do you think that's important? To, I think, to test all that ideas, useful to have for that page. I think we're going, OK, so we're using it. We'll see how many signups we get. We'd start with a landing page. Maybe I get signups. But I'm also going to be sharing all this random stuff. Sorry. Well, that would have been a little bit hard. But anyway, Steve, can you put together a landing page for us for this pop-up idea and disregard the noise
[02:04:15] that we contributed? And let's hope this transcription goes well. There you go. Let me just edit this a little bit. And while Lauren's working on that, I'm going to start my prospecting bot. So I also installed Dr. Eggbot, really great tool from Lauren. And I'm going to describe, I need a prospecting bot. This bot is going to help us evaluate the feasibility of doing research for our restaurant
[02:04:48] pop-up business. So it's going to help me find restaurants, and it's going to help me find people to go to potentially these restaurants. But we're going to start with the restaurants and the restaurant tours, because that's really big. That's really important. So what I'm thinking is maybe there's some way that we can source this from X. Maybe some people watching the stream like know someone that owns a restaurant and say, we're gonna say, let's go hint, right? That might be one source, but we could also start to think through if we need a landing page, like a website where people can submit their resources or maybe we just need a phone number that people can call or email that people can reach out to.
[02:05:20] So we need a prospecting bot that can help me evaluate these options and eventually help me build out these systems. So I transcribe that that's now going through to my, that's going through to my crock bot here. doctor egg butt is going to create this prospecting bot. Looks like we also have chat on the screen. We have all the bots that we're creating so you can follow along with those things. I see, doctor. And as we build these things out, as all of these systems get better, we're going to keep you updated on that. And is Steve like a rock bot template or is this something that you guys? The real doctor egg butt. Oh, Steve was just literally the default bot I just remade.
[02:05:51] Oh, okay. But so actually the cool thing about doctor egg butt is that like I mentioned, the doctor can look through all your bots and modify them. So for example here, I'm actually going to ask Dr. Eggbot to turn Steve into my chief of staff, slash executive assistant. Because now I'm trying to think about, you know, as I start to build this project, I'm starting to think about how to split up the work across all my bots, so I don't just have
[02:06:21] a single bot, but this lets me, you know, each bot can own own its own context and become a little bit of a specialist. And then my sort of team can work together. So yeah, I'm going to ask Dr. Igboot to turn Steve into my two staff executive assistant. And then I think I'll just mostly talk to Steve. And then in the same time, I'm going to reply to this message and say, yes, make a prototype
[02:06:53] I'm going to make a repo for us to start putting some code in. Sure. that you've been. Change me. I'll make it public, right? I'll let people follow on. I mean, we'll keep this stuff private.
[02:07:26] We're going to get it private. We'll keep it private. We'll accept PRs after the live event. So we don't have to worry about accidentally putting stuff. All right, so here is a repo. I just got a bare repo called popup. We can always rename it if we want. Yeah, I got the real Dr. Eggbot. Yeah, I feel like Dr. Eggbot is a must-have in my opinion. Yeah, I almost feel like it should be people. I mean, I'm biased. I mean, I need a product. Yeah, there's some people in the chat asking if you can download a Docker Eggbot yourself. And yes, you can. There's a marketplace for all these bots. You can go into Gropbot and it's actually right there up
[02:07:56] front and center when you click to add your own. Tell Dr. Eggbot that I don't like that name. One of the cool things, I didn't realize this at first. You can change everything in Gropbot, just by talking Gropbot. So if you're like, hey, I don't like this name, change the name. Hey, Dr. Eggbot, talk to Steve on Lauren's screen. It'll talk to Steve. You can see now it's asking for a new name for the prototype. And you can, everything is malleable. everything is chat first. That might be unintuitive if you use other tools. So as you're thinking about customizing the product, think about these things.
[02:08:27] As Lauren's starting to go through this thing, this stuff, I'm going to start thinking through different channels. Hey, how do we want to collect this stuff? We need some way for people to reach out to us. If they have a shift, if they have a space, we need some way to start investigating spaces. We need some way to start sending emails to these people. Do we even have email? Can we reach out to people? Do we need to figure that out? There's a plug in. I think it's a way to do some email. Do we have email accounts for the company? We got to figure out our company email accounts. We got to figure out maybe a name we can start to align on like what we're going to call this.
[02:08:57] And then once we have a name, we get a domain. Once we have a domain, we get like, I don't know, Gmail account or something. It doesn't have to be crazy. We need a company name. We need a company name. We need a company name. What are you going to call us? All right. Well, Peter, you got a company sign, too. Someone in Chats suggested like, they don't lab. They don't lab? They don't lab? Yes. I mean, they don't lab. It's about food, right? Sure, potato lab. Potato lab, we could start to think through like,
[02:09:48] I'm gonna go bam the chat with your favorite one and I'll try to squint and see if we can see something. Oh this is a name for bot? Yeah this is a name for my prototype robot. Okay. It syncs in both for potato. I remember Joe. I was a lavanger of potatoes in there. Nacho, Grockpot, mashed potatoes, Grockpot. I kind of like Grockpot, what do you think about that? Yeah, Grockpot is good. Yeah, Grockpot is good. Grockpot is good. And all the suggestions.
[02:10:18] And all the prospects I like, do you know what kind of restaurant tiers would be interesting to pop up? I'm pretty open. So I think we should definitely ask rockpot these things. But I'm actually chatting with my doctor egg bot to build a prioritization bot. Because this is overwhelming. I'm on the stream talking to people, a bunch of people walking, it's like, OK, how do we start to break down these problems? Actually, what I use AI for a lot is like, I'm just going to say what's on my mind. My mind is very active. It's always racing. And I'm going to have AI help me slow down, think through what we need to do and
[02:10:51] rock us, slime me. Hey, we need to find the ideal restaurant or brief. We need to do a spike on what we're going to start shipping, what we're going to start working on. We're going to start to map out our leads. We're going to work through our outreach. We're going to get our guests after the restaurant path. It is formed. So really it's like, OK, let's break this down. And that's what's most helpful for me as I'm creating these thoughts. So I got a graph out running. I don't know why. It's probably a bug that we need to fix,
[02:11:22] but the name and the commercial, I'll just do it myself. But so this is kind of like how I like to prompt. I like to get some high quality context into the chat first. So before I even actually start with prototyping, I'm going to say, what are some high quality sources of good landing page design and find some references? And then I can sort of pick and almost maybe assemble like a little mood board before I start building my own landing stage. I'll be honest, it's been a very long time.
[02:11:53] Since I've had a landing page, I don't know how scrappy we want to be. It could be literally like Times New Roman super design about ready to go. And so if we wanted to do a design project. Yeah. Is the landing page for a particular restaurant? Or is it for like, restaurant sign up? Well, we're gonna build a platform. Yeah. But I feel like, and I'm curious what you all think, but I was talking about dog feeding earlier.
[02:12:24] What if we ran our own pop-up? Yeah, we, yeah. That's all. Yeah, we could do that. We should've built a platform and also used it to run our own. Is that crazy? Yeah, I think it's crazy. And it's so ambitious. Yeah, I mean, I feel real, right? We could actually go find a real place to run a pop-up. You can just sell some French fries down. Sir, it's really nice. So yeah, yeah, pop up platform and then we're gonna run a pop up I think that sounds that sounds like we're trying to do yeah, that's pretty ambitious. We like to do ambitious things Where any good company we might pivot but it's a good start. Yeah, yeah, I like it
[02:12:56] All right, I'm getting a drop pot to come up with what's found a few Gallery is already for good lining pages So I'm gonna get it to just pick a few Directions and then I'll see which one looks the best and then we'll go with that Well, you may want to tell them, tell them, you want to sell French fires or whatever. We're going to sell French fires. It depends on the price. Let me talk about that. Let me talk to Steve. Yeah. Let me chat again. Can you tell Grogpot that, well, here comes the stream of consciousness, so bear with
[02:13:31] me, Steve. But so we're going to build this popup platform where you can sort of host or use our software to spin up a pop-up, I guess, in your city or wherever you are. And we also want to dog food, our own software, meaning that we'll maybe figure out how to actually run our own pop-up. So, do we actually need two languages?
[02:14:03] One for our own things, and then one for the platform. One for potential restaurantiers, one for restaurantiers. people buying french fries. I think we're going to connect people. I don't know. We haven't figured out what food we're selling or what the pop up will look like yet. But our goal is like, OK, well, we need to find people that can both sell food or create food or like, you know, professionals. And we're at some point we're going to find people who want to come to our thing. But those start right now is going to be like finding location, finding all these things. So we probably want to make it look kind of reputable.
[02:14:33] Like, OK, here's what we're doing. We connect these sorts of people. This is the event that's happening. And then there's also a landing page probably for this pop-up. So I feel like we're going to need a lot of landing pages. Because we need to find restaurants here, so businesses who are individuals who are interested in hosting a pop-up. But also people who we can hire, I guess. And we can do outreach, right? I don't think we need to build all of this stuff to start.
[02:15:03] I could start sending off emails. We could start collecting information. We can do, before we build software, it's kind of a manual process. So we see it's our looking. We're not missing out this prompt. Hopefully you got all of that, Steve. Let's see. Oh, you're recording the whole time? No, we're recording the whole time. I just hired to type and talk. I feel like, Lauren, you can build a pop-up, front page, right thing, and then Matt, you can build a supply side. Right now, I'm working on some documents. So I'm clarifying what we're doing. Let's just start high level. What are we doing? And I think this is important for our bots,
[02:15:34] because when we have these bots, we're and giving them context. And context is just the information. And so what we want to do is take the information that everyone sitting here has in their head, oh my goodness, that's a problem. So here's a little trick that I like to do as well. Fronting is like, you can dump all of this. So one of my favorite ways to prompt is to just turn on the microphone and just, yeah, for a few minutes. And then at the end, often just say this. Reset to me, what I just said in your own words, so I know you understood me.
[02:16:04] And that's much quicker than me actually looking through what this whole blob of text was. Let's see what we've got back. So here's what Steve heard. You're building a platform that helps people spin up a food pop-up in their city. Software plus ops to connect the pieces. You're also going to dog food it by running your own pop-up with the same stack. That means more than one public face, not one mega page. So we're going to mean a platform page for professionals, restaurant users, operators who want to run pop-ups, our own pop-up event. I don't know what we're going to do yet,
[02:16:40] but maybe we'll just have a mystery pop-up. Yeah, well, you know, maybe our prospecting will lead us some of the fun results maybe we find some partners that want to help us out with this. Oh, but here in Gropfoss actually making our Steve is actually making a religious suggestion. So right now the bottleneck isn't setting up a bunch of landing pages. It's really the first loop. getting our location, getting operators, and the people who make our cell the food, and then the attendees come after. This is true. So yeah, that's actually really good. That's a really good trick. Oh, and it looks like we got some.
[02:17:11] We got some prototype flowering. Let's see what we have. Okay, so let's take a step back. So basically what you're saying is like we just need to do it. We need to start like working on a pop-up. Yeah, yeah. Right. So we're going to work on that loop, the pop-up, and then as we work on the loop, the software that we build for that loop is basically our company, right? So it's like, okay, Well, well, first we need to find people to book tables. We need to find a place to have this and a chef. So how do we do those three things? We'll probably need pieces of software for that. But why do you assume that you need tables? Because why do we do a proper thing? We can just give a counter to the counter and buy stuff. I mean, we could do that. But I think what I had in mind are the way I took it out
[02:17:44] of this. And we're still working on the idea. So correct me if I'm wrong. It's kind of like, it would be really fun to do an experience for people, which is like we actually find a chef or someone that we can have an event. So it's like more of like, let's like, oh hey, you come by French fries, more of like, hey, let's find like a warehouse, let's find like a chef, you buy a table, there's like an experience and people can come as this experience maybe and like have something and that requires like a lot of people a lot of prep. Well you're just driving, it actually is lower lift, which is like okay well maybe we find someone that's really good at making like French fries.
[02:18:14] Yeah, we just do like a counter or something. And then that actually eliminates a lot of the need for like bookings. So what I had like, oh, I wanna book this time, I wanna be here, I wanna call in and reserve a table versus something like a line where it might be easier to go about that thing. But I'm not, wherever you guys think is the best. We can explore ideas. Yeah. I think it'd be great to maybe take a look at what we got as some early prototypes. And maybe push this out and see if we can get it deployed. It's always a cool moment to have something just live on the internet. Maybe we can get a preview link somewhere. Yeah.
[02:18:45] We have three directions so far. We have this dark themed one. And then we have this, I guess these two look very corporate, I guess, and then the third one, I'm not a big fan of, personally. So for these prototypes, did GROKBOT make this or did you use cursor? GROKBOT needed. OK, so that's interesting. What's cool about this? Who's GROKBOT can actually just give you HTML in GROKBOT? And so in this case, we didn't have to deploy anything anywhere. This is just HTML and CSS that just these
[02:19:16] being rendered in GROKBOT, which is pretty cool. But I think we should maybe give it some feedback, right? Maybe we can like try and adjust some of these designs and it looks like one of your box here at S.A. Yeah, I'm gonna do it some stream of consciousness again. Well, while you're doing that, I'm curious kind of like, we haven't got a chance to pick your brain a lot about this particular type of business and I'm curious like, when you think about solar perniers or people who are creating businesses, are anything that you see there or things that you found to be particularly good advice, maybe advice that we should kind of bring forward over the next few days here?
[02:19:47] I think one piece of advice that I've kind of realized So the sole print year is you want to design the business to do more of what you actually enjoy doing. Because the sole print year you have a lot of time, there's certain choices you can make that can make more money. But then you end up doing things that you don't actually enjoy doing, which diffused the purpose of being an all-in-one entrepreneur. So yeah. Yeah. And I guess a lot of people think a lot about idea generation. We spent a good bit of our morning today just thinking about ideas and how to find the right idea. I mean, you've talked with a lot of folks.
[02:20:18] What are your takes? Do you have any suggestions for folks on how to find the right idea? Is it sort of the traditional stuff we've talked about? Testing stuff and seeing what works? How do you know what's a good idea versus a bad idea? I do think it's about getting a marketing know as soon as possible. When we were PMs before the AI thing, it was all about having all these internal debates and making all these crazy documents, and then shipping something, and then you're like, oh, nobody actually wants this. So anything is about trying to talk to customers and get marketing know. Try to see if the person will actually pay.
[02:20:49] Sometimes they might tell you, oh, this is a good idea. Just be nice to. Like, try to see if they actually pay. And kind of just like, and like, don't be too tired of your ideas, ideas are cheap. But like the team is, well, that was important. I think I guess, no. Yeah. And I guess like, I mean, one thing I noticed is that it's so much easier to test ideas now too. And so like, what do you recommend? Is it sort of like try a bunch of things and see what works? Or like, I mean, how do you thought about this? I mean, you've got to. I think it's important to, yeah, like you can say You want to make sure that the landing page gets in front of the right people.
[02:21:19] The people in the chat might not be the rest on tears that we want. But I also think it's also just kind of a side. I think it's actually like anyone can build anything now, but I think it's actually hard to make money from pure software. If you don't have a physical component or a service component, because it's just way too easy to build some sort of sad, sad, sort of landing page now. Now like why would I pay for this why would I pay for a landing page with a day the database? Right exactly. So like really testing the market like getting to that first dollar with maybe something we should try out
[02:21:52] Yeah, like people pay for the hard stuff like like what what dropouts suggested which is like actually finding a restaurant here It's cooking some meals and stuff like I'll pay for that But if you smell a landing page, you know, yeah, yeah Totally okay Well, I think we're gonna try and lock in for a few minutes before our next guest kind of hops in. I guess Peter before we let you go here. Thank you so much for being here and just hanging out with us. Any parting thoughts, any sort of words of advice will probably be DMing you on the side afterwards. We'll definitely keep doing that, but just kind of like seeing where we are so far and your view on just other businesses and product
[02:22:23] craft. I think, I think, well first of all, I join here because I really love the product. I think not not a stupid too salesy, but I think this is the first product that I use where actually feels like I'm talking to real people or like I did some sort of people with personality it's not just much of chat threads so I really like it and I really like I think my tip for everyone who's using Grogbot is think about how you can make these bots more proactive right like try to work with it to figure out something like maybe tracking landing page metrics or
[02:22:54] prospecting rest from tears and then ask it to set up like some weekly chron jobs or schedule tasks to just send you updates, right? And I like to, some of you are learning, I like to get it format in a way where like, hey, send me updates as a number list so that I can like respond one by one, so like, hey, this is a good idea, this is a bad idea. And now I've set up all my bots so that like every Friday, they all kind of checking with me, and I can kind of, from my feedback, and they go off and do work. Yeah, so it just feels great. Okay, so what I'm hearing is, hire a bunch of bottom
[02:23:24] employees, get them to automate the stuff that you don't want to spend your time on necessarily, but then maybe get them to be proactive, they're kind of pushing things to you versus you having to read down to them. Is that a fair summary? Exactly. Exactly. And like a quick feature request before I go, just is. OK. A quick feature request. A press feature request. Yeah. I mean, I think it's important. Like, why do you guys even have to use Slack? If you can let humans jump into this interface to talk to the bots in channels and stuff, the thing that kind of feels lonely to me right now is like, I'm just talking to my bots.
[02:23:55] I want to talk to Lauren. I want to talk to other people. and have everyone collaborate with each other. Yeah, yeah. So maybe if it's coming soon, maybe. OK, Bob Collaboration. It's in the future, Q. We'll get it. We'll get it on block collaboration. Yeah, we'll be collaboration. We'll get it. We'll get it logged. I think we'll probably see some need for that. There's a three of us cook with our own bot teams today. With that, Peter, thank you so much for hanging out with us. This has been awesome. Thanks so much. Thanks for letting us see you soon. Awesome. Yeah, I'll be buying some fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh, don't. Yeah, see you guys. Cool. Yeah, thanks for having me. So for those catching up, I am making
[02:24:28] So I just, well, we did a couple of things. I gave Steve some feedback on the prototypes so far, a little bit too boring, a little bland. And it messaged Grop Pot to, oh wait, I typoed. It messaged Grop Pot to come up with some new prototypes. And then in parallel, I'm also asking Dr. Eggbot to make us a cracked engineer bot. So Grop Pot's our prototyper. And then I'm going to have an actual engineer bot
[02:24:59] to start thinking about like text stack, how we're actually going to build things. And I'm going to keep the prototyper for just quick throw away prototypes. And of course, I need help naming the bot again. And I think we have some good ones. Chat, I need more help. Give me some good suggestions. Chat, we got to lock in. Spud. Spud is a bit bigger. Spud or a pager? What do you guys like, Taylor? No, it's a spud. I see. I like no key. I like Tater. Let's do Tater.
[02:25:30] That's the potato override right there. Potato gets to that. We have some more fun prototypes. Oh my god. Is this too fun? The designers are probably rolling your eyes. This one looks kind of like a receipt, I guess. I think one thing maybe to call out is like when Grock, so when we talk about like models, there's like a model that is doing the work here. model, and then there's a harness which is the code that runs the model. And Grockbot is very lightweight.
[02:26:01] Like you might have heard of coding harnesses like Grock build, for example. But Grockbot is not that. So these are very lightweight prototypes, and when we do more serious engineering work here, what we're going to do is connect cursor, and then we're going to kick most the engineering work over to cursor. And that's because the cursor harness is very good at writing code and building things. And so as we start to build this idea, what you're going to see Lauren do is start to rely much more heavily on cursor cloud agents. And we'll walk through some of that stuff as well.
[02:26:31] But that's a good way that, like, as we go from like low fidelity to high fidelity, you'll start to see some of these products evolve and that's completely normal. So. Yeah. Looks like we're making some engineering decisions too. Yeah. Using some text stuff. Yeah. Oh, wrong. Wrong button. Oops. Go to Steve. I want you to ask Tader to start thinking about our tech stack for building out this platform.
[02:27:02] I think we have some friends coming from Brazil and PlanetScale, maybe spoiler alert. So we want to probably use those options. But yeah, in terms of other tech stack, I don't know, I'm not too stubborn right now, So just give us some good options. Yeah, I kind of feel like we should let the bots just pick and get something together pretty quickly. Obviously, avoid endless text activates.
[02:27:32] And as we seek product market fit here. Yeah. Awesome. And while that's working, literally all I've been doing on my screen is writing out a Notion doc. So I know Lauren said she doesn't like Notion docs. I find it very helpful. I find it very helpful for planning things. So on the A, B side, if we cut to my my screen, kind of all I'm doing is defining, essentially what we've agreed on this part, which is like, our company name is like, shipped by Thursday, and we're shipping by Thursday, until we come up with a better name that more clearly elaborates on what we're doing.
[02:28:04] And so Lauren, I think is the CTO here. She's really the most technical. She's running tech. I think Roshan is the CPO because he's a head of product. He knows all the product details that we're doing. The CPO, the chief product officer. Right, guys, it's gonna be a big deal. potato off the earth. Lauren is the chief potato officer. I'll highlight that in our company document. Can we get some titles? Yeah, we need some like flakka. I have some paper here. I'll I can't write and talk at the same time. Lauren's going to work on some like official titles here
[02:28:37] of the company. And what we're doing is we're building a restaurant pop up in San Francisco and we're going to use the experience. Well, actually we haven't decided as a restaurant not, but we're going to build a pop up in San Francisco for food. We're going to use that experience to build an OS for running popups, this meta product, and so our goal is to create a business that allows us to do more of what we enjoy doing, which is bringing people together. And so in this doc, I'm just saying this is coming together really quickly, so we need to buy us moving fast and getting stuff done, and there's a bunch of stuff we need to figure out. So I'm going to kick this over to like all the grassbots I use, so they at least have sort of the context of what we're doing.
[02:29:12] doing. And the main thing I want to do is keep that context consistent. Because as we bring guests in the show, I have to explain to the guests what we're doing. I also have to explain to my rock bots what we're doing. So yeah, we're cooking. And I think we might even have another guest coming on pretty soon. Are you our CEO? I guess. Somebody has to do that. You can be the grown up. Oh my gosh. Wait, what is the e-sense for it? Exactly.
[02:29:42] I'm sorry for that. Oh my gosh. That's standing. Keep Tater off as T-O-Chat is crazy. This is a... You know, it's talking with like some... A very official nameplate. Thank you. What do I do with this? Like, what do I... Let's go to the table.
 Uh, hold it out. I've roached it and underscore S. Roached and... Oh, what would I do with this? I don't know, just like stick it somewhere. We'll work on that. We'll get some tape off of all of this. We're gonna work on that offline.
[02:30:13] And then I'm told the team is working on bringing in a virtual guest. Oh. But yeah, I mean, if you want to cut to my screen, we can start doing some like planning here. I like to plan things out, like to prototype things. I love it. Thank you. Thanks Lauren. Very important. Titles. We'll have to get those sent it up and properly made. Is this already done? This is work. Lauren, the chat has noticed that you haven't an update available in the GROC bot app.
[02:30:44] Oh, man. Yeah, updates for when we're at the top. I don't know if I'm brave enough to do that on stream. Yeah. We'll do that after. We'll do that in between the break. How fast the team ships, it's kind of crazy. Oh. OK, we have a few more colors. I don't know. Maybe we don't have to make it look bad. Okay, CEO, please make us make an executive position right now. Which, I mean, for the industry. ProTags don't matter too much. Let's go with pink. I'm feeling a little crazy. Mark the pink. There's a night market. We're going to roll with that. And then, you know, these don't matter so much in my mind.
[02:31:17] So like, let's move fast on this. And eventually we'll get cursor cloud agents hooked up. And we'll find some design help somewhere out there. Yeah. Hey, design bot. We got to get a designer bot. I feel like that's going to be really great. Just to the level set for the folks watching and maybe for our team here, what's going to happen in the next few minutes. We're going to have a guest joining us in two minutes. I think what we'll try and do is maybe get some builds going in the meantime. So what do you guys think we should kick off? I think it might be great to kick off some cloud agents to get some front end and back end stubbed out. Should we get some code in a repo?
[02:31:47] I guess Lauren, what do you think we should maybe kick off? And we can build while we're talking chat with our guests and make some progress here. Yeah, do you want to set up the GitHub repo? Yeah, I just made one. I'm actually going to put it in Slack. But it's just popup.get. can share that if you have it. So this is our Slack channel. Well, look at my name. I probably set a real name. Learn chief potato officer.
[02:32:20] I'll pull it a picture later. Where is it? Should be right there. OK. So we got our, I should probably zoom in too. Cool, cool, cool. OK, so let's try and get the landing page built. and pushed through the three-fold. And oops. And then start figuring out how we can host it.
[02:32:51] Do we want to buy a domain name right now? I think I have a versatile account set up. So maybe we try with like a test account. Then we can always grab a domain once we know we want to call this thing. All right, so we go. You know what? I'm going to ask Steve to ask you a something. Yeah, it's a good idea too. Or we can get, we have like a marketing bot. Maybe we hire a marketing bot. I don't know if I'm very good at naming things as you can probably imagine. Well, some more things we just start to get stuff up. So let's start ripping.
[02:33:26] Cool. I have a lot of work getting bought cooking right now. What's going to be great, once we get some code into a repo, is that all of our bots can start making PRs against it, of all. Give me your name, put all together. This is important to me. Thank you. Oh no, my name, plate fell over. These are the important three. We'll get more official ones. The team is working on the infrastructure here. Yeah, this is like company building extra things.
[02:33:58] OK, we got some ideas. I don't know if I like them. Oh, what? Oh, that's actually pretty fun. We have CleanTheStall.com, Stall.RunNightMarket.app, popup.place, OpenStall.co, PinaPopapp. That's going to keep PinaPopapp.com, poppedo.com, and hostaPopapp.com. I don't know if I like any of these. Do we have a notion doc that's what it looks like? That's Adder versus Salcony.
[02:34:29] Do we have a Versailles con already? Can you add me to it? Yes, I can. I'm going to send you the company doc version. Oh great. to my bots, they have context in what we're building. It's very bare bumps. I like to buy it, like even if we cut over to my screen, like I think simpler is better. And if we think about like all of the stuff that goes into AI, the more information you give it, the more it's gonna look like lean on that information. So if you give it a bunch of bad information, you need a bunch of bad outputs. And so what we wanna think through is like,
[02:34:59] hey, how do we give the simple most concise description of what we're working on to AI? And that's what I'm trying to do here. So send that doc over Russian and we're going to keep moving through it. Coco cool. What's the best email for you, Lauren? You're going to be sure to tell me. It's the one in my Slack profile. OK, let me grab that. Members, I'll make you an admin on this. Do we have cursors that have been here? We should add the cursor bot. Oh, yeah, we definitely should. We're going to need some.
[02:35:30] No, Slack. No, hard. OK, copy my address. OK, Lauren, I'm adding you as an owner to our Excel organization. Okay. And I have not set up for cell on the repo yet. So as soon as you have a repo, if I want to hook some stuff up and- Oh wait, I thought you thought you were saying out the repo? We have a repo, but it's an empty one. Oh, okay, okay. I can connect. Oh, sorry, sorry. Yeah, it's okay. I can't- Steve did it while we were talking. I love it. Okay, well while we're waiting for our guest to show up, why don't we do some work here?
[02:36:01] I don't know. Yeah, it looks like we're switching. Great, we've got some screens off. Extremely. That's our platform. It's an index.html, but that is more than we had when we started. So let's see here. Oh wait, the styles are all in line. Okay, I love that. Yeah, this is super scrappy, but. I'm gonna just go ahead and get a versatile connected up to the repo here. Hit the deploy button. Yeah, I need to authorize my virtual.
[02:36:31] Configuring GitHub here. Email. Cool, okay, yeah, I see our pop up repo. Okay, I need to. We should get some deploys going soon here. I need to sign up for an account first.
[02:37:05] So yeah, while Lauren's signing up for some accounts, I'm working on creating a couple of bots on my side. I feel like we just need to start cranking through some things here. So I'm working on an ops bot and a creative director. The creative director I'm thinking is going to help me with naming, high level details, some of these other things. And then the ops bot, I just need to start doing stuff. So I'm setting up Slack. I'm getting some other things cooking.
[02:37:36] It's like kind of everything you do running a company. This is like obviously what we're doing is super exciting stuff. Humans have to do this stuff, right? And we're going to start to move towards automating some of that as well. But yeah, I think it's really just cranking. Let's see. Oh, I thought I added you. There's a pending invitation for you. How do I might be in an email? Oh, check. I can also see if I can invite you by link. Oh, I see it. Awesome. I'm going to join the team. I'm going to do this.
[02:38:07] Can I hide my screen for a second? Yeah, can we cut the screen, please, on the AV side? I can stop streaming. Yeah, you can cut that. That's fine. That's the face. Oh my goodness. Don't worry about it. They've got us covered over there. We are now on the stream. Oh my goodness. Can somebody else stream? Yeah, I think I can hop in. I got it. I got it. Little stream rescue here, don't worry.
[02:38:38] I mean, I'm also streaming. I just don't think that they're picking up the ball. I don't know. Don't worry about it. We're alive. I'm so worried. We're good at technical difficulty right now. OK, so I'm connecting notion here. Oh, and we have. All right, we're back. Because yes. All right, yeah, we are still cooking. OK, OK.
[02:39:09] I'm off now. OK, let's see how we're doing on our deploys. I see a deploy, guys. Oh, man. All right, hold on. Oh, did you deploy it already? I deployed. Nice. We have deploys running on mains. So just push domain and pop up Orpen Omega.brush. There we go. There you go. Wait, but I guess right now it doesn't do anything. It's just a HTML page. We need it to go somewhere. Yes. We need it. We need it to go somewhere. Should we just collect these in a Google sheet somewhere?
[02:39:41] Like where do you want to collect our emails? I think that sounds good. Yeah, but we'll be easy to connect Google. Maybe we should just dump things into a, like a, we could just use an ocean database. Yeah, we have the OceanMtP set up, right? I don't know if notions are going to be able to handle the load from everyone. Done into a flat file database. Okay, I just connected my versatile account as well.
[02:40:11] Cool. Awesome. Okay, then I'm going to ask Steve. Okay, Steve. We've deployed the landing page already, but obviously we need to connect the landing page to actually store the signups somewhere. So for now, could you connect it to Notion and make a little Notion database for us? And then I guess you'll need to add me to the Notion.
[02:40:43] Yes. Bye for the Notion. Yeah. In the meantime, I guess we should start looking at the TechSack choices.
[02:41:17] host on Dressel, yes, makes sense. I have to add up. Actually, maybe crazy idea. What if we just integrated Planet Scale right now? Should we just go straight to the real database? Because I guess if we do a quick test, we're going to have to like rip it out later, right? Yeah, let's do that, actually. That might be cool. And once we get it wired up, then we're kind of like off to the races. I wonder if that would be fun. I do want like Postgres instead. So let me say a small tweak. Let's use planet scale full script instead.
[02:41:50] Payments later, that's true. Must have nice to have. Yeah, we don't need any of these nice to have stuff. And we leave. I'll only give a feedback on this plan. And then I'm going to go back to Steve and say, make it to planet, planet scale. I'm going to need to be added to that. Oh, yeah. I think we plan at scale works at up some way, right?
[02:42:23] We're working on that. We should start. I got it in invite. I think it's sweet. Let me get it out. I'm not screened. OK, sweet. Yeah, we get the plan at scale. So thank you. Thank you, Shao. I think we might have some guest from plan at scale. And that's a lot of it. Team role. Sweet. Sweet. And for those, we're figuring out how we get this screen sharing back up. And we're figuring out how we're doing. to give you a picture. If you're just joining the chat at what's happening, we have an ops team cooking over here with Matt, putting together a company playbook, and making sure we have a go-to-market motion.
[02:42:54] We have an early landing page prototype that is just an HTML. We're leaning towards a pop-up business, or a pop-up platform, where we make it easy to run pop-ups, and maybe we run our own pop-up too. And we have Lauren cooking up some integration work. I think currently working on getting our database set up. That's the recap. You know what, I'm gonna say, yeah, I need a PlanetScale account and then I can tell it to set it up for us. PlanetScale is that we have accounts, shout out to the PlanetScale team, so we'll be good
[02:43:27] on that. We can keep moving there. Cool. PlanetScale, let me find the invite and get a set up. Yeah. I think we still need a domain name, right? We haven't. We still need a domain name. I got my creative director. Let's. We can also just as chat. Chat. Give us some ideas for our domain name. We need some fun, cool domain names.
[02:43:59] And also, we need to start. We need to screen share again, I think.
[02:44:34] Ooh, I wonder if we should buy Thursday.com is open. Is that domain open? Sure. By Thursday. Yeah, and that's almost night difference. In the chat. I should stop. Yeah, stop. You should probably, if you want, buy the domain right now. Yeah, we might be able to buy through for sell and just have it tied directly to our project. Cool, I'm hearing that our next guest unfortunately won't be able to make it so you're just going to get more time with us building.
[02:45:04] I mean, we're kind of busy, I think. We got a cook here, man. I feel like we're falling behind. Sweet and I'm going to say, hopefully we get more in-screened up in a second. So I'm still reading up in a second. but I guess try to unblock yourself as much as possible and think about the table design and maybe set up some dependencies for us. But just yeah, unblock us while we wait for a plan to go. Can we show that off? No.
[02:45:35] I think we're showing the wrong screen right now. So we're good. All right, we're good. We have for selling accounts, right? Yes. I don't know if I've invited you yet, but let me do that. Okay, so exit. We'll get there. What, you're using the email for your same email agent? I'll use my, I can use my personal. We have no screen on. I'll select you my personal. And then by the way, Steve, I want you to tell Tater to use
[02:46:11] Cloud agents going forward, maybe make a project agent. So yeah, for those of you watching, Grokbot is a really powerful tool for orchestrating bots and obviously like, you know, automating a lot of things. And then cursors harness is really good for coding. So one thing that I like to do is to have Grokbot
[02:46:47] basically spin up Cloud agents for me. And Cloud agents are agents that run on cursors harness. So it has all of the, you know, the smarts and the engineering know-how built into the harness that and Rockbot can manage them for you. So we can actually do all of our engineering work in Rockbot, even though we're using cursor cloud agents. And also the nice thing about cursor cloud agents is that they run in the cloud and they also have their own virtual machine.
[02:47:19] They can test our application, they can click around, they can take CPU traces, all of that good stuff. And so we can do that natively right here in Gropbot. All you need to do is tell your bot to spawn a Cloud Agent. And it can also, if you have an existing repo, you can tell it to help you set up your environment so that your Cloud Agent's actually know how to bring up your application and run it in the Cloud. So what I've done so far is I've
[02:47:50] told our engineer bot, Tater. Maybe I will give it a title. Can I still give it a title? Maybe not. The label maybe? I don't think we can add a label. OK, so Tater is going to use cloud agents now and you can see that it's created a new project. For us, and a project is a little hard to describe. I guess it's like a special kind of cloud agent that is better.
[02:48:21] is really good for long projects. So I'm telling you to spin one up, and we'll use that to keep track of all of the technical, engineering context that we have for our application. And just whenever it needs to do more engineering work, it just sends more messages to the project. But we'll see how that goes. Maybe we won't do a project. We'll see. Do we have the planet scale credential for it?
[02:48:51] Yeah, I'm working on that. Let's see if you can run it locally too. I'm gonna say, we're still waiting on the planet scale credentials. So maybe let's for now do all of our development, I guess somewhat locally on either your cloud machine or in the cloud agents machine and come back to me with a video or a screenshot and we'll worry about deploying it later.
[02:49:35] And on my end, we now own the domain shipbythurs.day. Oh, I like it. So we're gonna get some info on there. Do you wanna wire that up to our deploy so people can start looking at the? It's on Vercel. So I was gonna get a company lender. Like we need the ship by Thursday company lender. And then the product, I think, can go to an actual product domain. So ship by Thursday is gonna be like the main organization. The order, yeah. It's our company. It's the company behind the companies.
[02:50:05] And then we're going to start working on actual company product name. Yep. What is this going to be called? We can work on that. We got plenty of that. We need a legal working title. Okay. I don't know how to know what it is. So now I'm also, because we have a domain, I need to deploy some code to it for our company lander. And what I'm working on is using Dr. Eggbot We bought to install our cursor team kit, a bunch of other skills, PStack, and then connecting that to our cursor cloud agents. When we have that ready to go, I'll be able to start writing code to get that up there
[02:50:39] for you all. And maybe making things look nice. But yeah, we're just hacking, right? So you're here with us as we're building the company. We really got a lot of stuff. We got too much stuff going on. We have so much to think we have to build. But that's kind of part of it. That's the fun. So. Alright, I see Steve has made a mistake because he has opened a poll request and I'm going to say
[02:51:10] New rule, no poll requests we ship to Maine for now until somebody else at me. Alright, there we go.
[02:51:42] Okay, let's see what it opened anyway for the point of the question. It's got, wow, 2000 lines. I'm not going to read all that. So one thing I would like to do as well for my Setup is to start thinking about the engineering workflows. So we have Tader who is our engineering bot. But I also want a bot that is like a reviewer, I suppose.
[02:52:16] So I'm going to tell Steve. And we're actually going to cut to a whole screen briefly. And we're going to come right back and learn it's going to pick up with the factory creation. So we'll be right back. We'll cut and we'll be right back on some technical difficulties. My, my.
[02:54:55] Thank you so much. I'm going to make a new channel called. We're just getting started building our company. So we are kicking off our first agents. I'm working on like a lander for our company.
[02:55:25] And I can actually see and curse some of the other agents that I'm doing the work. Oh, and we have a guest. We have a guest. Cody, hello. Thanks for joining us. Well, what's going on? It's fun watching you guys build life. just business buying and selling marketplace online. And then we help your people scale businesses through our advisory business. And then if you've seen me app on X or the internet, I think there are about 15 million people that follow us online. So we're on the intwebs all the time talking about stuff like this. That's awesome. And I know you've been using Grockbot a little bit
[02:55:56] or at least your team has. I'm curious, how's that been? What have you been using it for? Maybe share some of your favorite. You got to be very useful. So I thought I'd show you a couple of things that we're doing, I think you could maybe see my screen share live. And you see something that looks like a dashboard with a book on it, with 135,000 users on it. Can you guys share that? Wow, we see it, we see it, yes. Okay, anyway, so basically what this is, is we're launching a book this week in two days. And it's a little bit like a product launch.
[02:56:27] You can kind of see we're tracking. We built this with a mixture, a little bit of rock. Some, this is located on her cell. And basically tracks real-time attendees. And then if we could scroll down, I didn't know what our capability was going to be on here. You can see what's paid versus organic, what channels are tracking above, what's our average CAC to average order value for each of the people who come in. And so since we talk a lot on the internet and build these products, I thought we could show you some of the things that help us build. So that verceles one of them.
[02:56:59] Maybe the other thing that would be useful, I don't know if you guys can see something now that looks like a dashboard. This is Pulse. So basically, okay, cool. So this is how we build businesses. So, you know, of those companies and pitch. And so they don't know how once they get somebody's eyeballs on it to pitch well. And so then you put together a plan based on your lowest profit level. So anyway, I'm not sure if that is useful or how to stop sharing. But those are a couple of things we actually built
[02:57:29] with AI live. And then we'd advise on how we should think about that. And how to figure out wallet business in particular, you want to start or what's your biggest problem? I mean, a good question will always give you the best answer. Fair enough. Well, I think we have an idea that we think might make sense. How do we get some validation for it maybe? Yeah, and so if you haven't been following along like our idea is like we're going to run a restaurant pop-up, so we're going to need to connect a restaurant for with guests who want to experience that,
[02:58:01] bringing to final location and do some of those things. and then through that process, we're gonna turn that into a piece of software that we'd like to sell to people as well. Okay, and so the biggest issue now, theoretically you're gonna be able to do licensing, pop application, leasing, you know, all of those logistics. We're like, we've got that figured out, but we gotta make sure that we get lots and seats and people actually show off, is that right? I mean, yeah, we're gonna focus on the ops first and then we're gonna reach out to legal and like figure out how to make all that other stuff work. Okay, and so you do want users
[02:58:31] or you wanna focus on getting leasing. Basically what I would say to you is like, my belief is always before you even decide what business you want to build, you should see if you can sell it to three people. You know, unless especially for like a restaurant pop-up, you guys aren't gonna get venture capital funding for that. Like what, only two out of two thousand companies get VC. So that's all good. It's a good business. But what I would probably do is I would be obsessing on how to get distribution. Obviously, you have 430,000 people on here. You have a super unfair advantage, but let's pretend like that wasn't the case.
[02:59:03] What would I do? One, I think, acts as an incredible place to do it. I have a couple of thoughts on there, which is one. And the man himself doesn't seem to be bothered by this. But I think a little controversy is OK. I actually pulled up some of my most, let's call it my most controversial tweets. So you guys can see those. So for when I get yelled out of the internet. So basically, I would play around with your controversial tweets.
[02:59:35] So like this one here, I don't know if anybody saw it online, it's like do everything in your power to move to Austin. It's basically an AI-generated video. This was made with Higgsfield. I think it probably took an hour and a half of one of our editors' time, minimal credits. And we got roasted on the internet about this because there's a scene where there's somebody who's served forward in it in Austin. But if you look at the view count, who cares?
 is you can see 2.4 million views. I was trying to get people to come and apply. So we have portfolio of a bunch of businesses,
[03:00:07] and I wanted them to apply. We received hundreds of people applying, and then you can see in the comments, hundreds more sharing it. And so I think the first thing, if I was you, I'd be playing around with what's controversy. What do you guys believe that other people don't? And like, yeah, I think you guys should make an ex account, for sure. I also think one of the other things you should think about is what is going to make people talk? Like we did this other one where people were really mad because we said don't do paid ads to start your business, which I stand by.
[03:00:37] But we made it slightly hyperbolic and don't do ads until you hit five or 10 million. So people lost their minds. You're an idiot, Cody. How could you think that? Every business needs ads, right? But he got a bunch of people talking and what I really wanted to do was get people to the book launch. And so that one got like 5.7 million views And I believe signed up 2000 users. So it's cheap. So I would start that for you guys. So what's your little bit of controversy you can do? That's really good advice. Actually, and it's funny you mentioned the ads
[03:01:07] because we definitely were thinking about running ads. And I guess that would maybe we should reconsider that advice. Yeah. Well, it depends. Do you want to, I think the problem with ads right up front are you don't really know your target persona. Like, you don't exactly know who you want to go after. You have to spend money then to make it. If you're not getting funding already, why would you do that? And three, you can put your ads bend behind something once you know the organic works. So like why put ads bend behind bad ads?
[03:01:39] Because you don't know what good looks like yet until you've done them on X. That's at least basically how we've grown almost all of our businesses to start. Then once you know what good organic looks like and who your perfect persona is, you can throw a bunch of dollars on top of it, which is what we do. That makes a ton of sense, yeah. We should, I feel like we should be recording this or feeding it into a rock boss. We can use it to run the next phase of our business. Cody, you can. Well, you could also take the top performing tweets from everybody like me who markets a lot online
[03:02:10] and feed it at your rock bot, and then just feed your rock bot. Hey, we're trying to achieve X result. You can connect to Tweet 100 to X, have it feed all the top Twitter posts. and then say, pulled me the top 15, like steal the frame, not the exact verbiage. Right. And then retweet them. Yeah, I really like that. I wanted to go back to something you asked earlier. You were kind of sharing some contrarian takes and kind of leaning into that.
[03:02:40] I'm curious, like, what's the worst business advice that you've heard given to businesses? Because I think, you know, obviously, we're gonna have a lot of folks on. They're all gonna hopefully give us a plus advice, but it's also good to know what to avoid. And so I'm curious, just like, yeah, What's the worst advice you've heard? And what are the things that we should be aware of there? Yeah, I mean, the advice that I've heard in the beginning and followed was hire A players and get out of their way. Sounds really nice. I think you could say the same thing with bots. Yeah, just let your bots run, get out of the way. You guys know firsthand because we run a bunch of them here too.
[03:03:11] You can't really do that. You have to be constantly iterating and overseeing. And so I don't know how many people on here run single person businesses as opposed to multi-person businesses. but we have 150 employees in this company and the only time we almost ran out of money completely was I followed that advice. And so I think if you're gonna hire great people, you have to oversee them intensely. We say hire great people, be really clear on what you want, instead of align them to make sure every dollar
[03:03:42] that they make is tied to a dollar that you made, and then have an operational oversight. So with Brock, you could probably build a little bit of a prototype like we do, where you can track what is my cash on cash return, what is my AOV, what is my LTV, and if you're gonna hire a marketer, track all of that to their actual incentive aligned goals, which is what I would do. That's awesome, that's awesome. Yeah, I feel like there's so much that, you know, gets shared conventionally. And I'm curious for your take on this as well, you know,
[03:04:12] you mentioned earlier, we have a bunch of folks watching to stream, thank you to everyone who's tuning in, obviously like really heartening to see the audience here. And you've built some pretty incredibly large businesses and marketplaces. And I'm just curious for your thoughts on sort of distribution. And if distribution is a moat, I think you've talked a little bit about this in your posts as well recently on X. Yeah, I would love to know like kind of your general thoughts there. Any advice for us as we build, but also just some general takes. I mean, first of all, overall, like, yeah, I mean, people hate that take.
[03:04:43] They hate the idea that distribution is a moat. And then, you know, I was talking to Jack Dorsey in the XDMs. And I think he's one of the OGs that says it actually really, really is, especially in this world where products get easier and easier to build. I think, you know, if we invested at Contrary in Thinking Capital, I think we've done 36 investments today. We see a lot of AI investments. And the number one reason they don't make it is because they don't have distribution. So it's not popular. People won't like it, except that's what matters to get funding.
[03:05:14] So, and then, you know, for most businesses, you need cash flow and you need distribution because you'll get funding. So you're gonna need your cash flow to fund it. So I would say like, obsess on that and I don't think enough startup founders do that. And so in the beginning, it's all about building product or even these days people say they're building it and stealth you guys are doing the opposite because you're building in public between you two. But then I think maybe the only other thing I'll show you guys is like,
[03:05:44] I would, nobody believes anything, right? So you have to have proof. So we like to share on X. You know, there are always gonna be people that don't like you. There will be people that don't think that you're doing a good job. And there will be people that just like don't want to see you win. And so I hope you guys are taking screenshots of all the stuff you're building with rock right now because you'll want it in like six months when this works. And you'll want to show like your user growth from day one. You're going to actually, we have something called a proof vault.
[03:06:15] I highly recommend it, which is like every single thing somebody said about your product that's good ever. And then we break it down from like testimonials to video views, to screenshots, to recently added proof, to hasn't been verified or not. Is this like publicly allowed to be shared? Because eventually people will want to know all of that. Makes a lot of sense. If you're open to it, actually, we'd love to do a bit of an interactive exercise and maybe help. How do we work with you to maybe create a bot together
[03:06:46] and prompt it initially and take some of the advice that you share with us and turn it into something we can use for our business. This is SOn, it could be fun. Let's do it. All right, let's see, can we get maybe Matt serve my screen up on this stream? If not, then maybe we just work in the background here and we'll share the results afterwards. Okay, so this is my screen. As your screen. Yeah, maybe you can walk through it. We're doing here. Let's do it. we're going to create a bot. And honestly, I think we'd really benefit
[03:07:18] from sort of the marketing and distribution side of things because we're kind of flying a little bit blind there. And so, yeah, we'd love your suggestions on how we might start prompting and Matt, I guess, if you created a new bot, maybe we can give it a name. Yeah, start a new bot. Well, let's start first with what do you want it to do? You know, before we build anything, we got to ask ourselves what's the number one thing that needs to be done in the business in order to make money or get users or what's our number one goal? Is it getting leads? Is it getting people to pay and sign up?
[03:07:49] What's the goal that we need to hit? Yeah, so to start, we're gonna try this pop-up experience. So I think you made a good point, which is like, hey, we wanna get three people, maybe they would be willing to pay us to prove out that this is a good idea. So it could be leads. It could just be a signup form where we start collecting emails of people that are interested and then we try to collect our first signups from that group. I think getting the word out or trying to broadcast what we're doing is maybe it could start. Yeah, I like it. I always like captured audience. That's probably where I'd start. I think you're nailing it with emails because then you can always come back to them.
[03:08:23] You probably are not going to have your like everything isn't set up right now. Is it you don't have the ability to click to purchase, you know, connected to a reservation system to click to reserve a spot none of that yet, right? Exactly. This is correct. Okay, so I would start with lead magnets in particular. You already are good at X. Almost everybody on here is probably playing on X. So I would start with a really good lead magnet. I think usually when we go to start a business we go imitate, iterate, innovate. So who already has this type of business
[03:08:55] that you want that's done it well? Do you have any market knowledge? Yeah. I have no market knowledge with pop-ups, as a matter of fact, and that's a good point to bring up. Yeah. Okay, well I would run a separate bot on that. Go find what city you're gonna do it in. San Francisco. Okay, well you're gonna have a lot of empty restaurants in there so that'll work out fine. You probably won't have. Basically what we've been doing is like background research on other businesses that have done the same thing. Exactly. Like if you haven't done this before, go try to figure out who the best person is
[03:09:25] that's already doing it and reverse engineer what they're doing. Okay, so that would the very first bot I would make would probably be that like pull me all the top restaurant tours in San Francisco and then grab me five of the best websites, then give me the five best pop-up pages on their websites, then give me the five best pop-up restaurants done in any major city in the last six or 12 months, then put those all into a document so that you can see them. And then you're probably going to want to figure out how should we actually
[03:09:58] What is your branding and what's your differentiation here? Do we know anything about how you're going to position this pop up? Awesome. Yeah, no, and I'm tracking here. So I'm using, we have basically a bot that can create other bots. This is something Lauren has educated us on. And I'm saying, hey, we need to operate a research bot and kind of took some cliff notes on what you said there. I'm going to say, hey, go find the top San Francisco restaurant tours. go restaurant tours, the best sites for those restaurant tours, similar pop-ups and
[03:10:28] similar companies. And then use our sort of like founding document in Notion as grounding. I like that. Because I've been taking some notes here on like just the general sort of like, hey, what are we trying to do here? What is the goal? So that bottle will be grounded in our business. And so hopefully, Cody, thank you for the tip there. This is a good way for us to understand what we're getting into because usually, right, it's like sometimes when I approach problems like this, even in writing code, it's like Somebody's probably done this before, right? And so if we can start from what everybody else has tried and maybe failed at, we can give ourselves
[03:10:59] a bit of a head start. Yeah, plus your storytelling in the beginning. So like really what you want to do, you're going to have to sell the dream in anything you do before you even get the lease or anything else, especially if you want to get it for free. So if you want to get free things to test your idea before having to pay for it, then you've got to sell why somebody should help you out. So I think what you're trying to do here is, and I might just because I have some context, if you do, You know, anybody who's building, hopefully isn't picking a random thing, throwing something at it with a couple ideas and building, you know, typically you're going to want to have lived the problem for a minute.
[03:11:32] But you might want to put in here, how would the best restaurant tours like Danny Meyer position a pop up just like he did with Shane Shaq in the very beginning. How can we replicate that? And then you might say, what would a killer landing page with a one line title hook and then some sort of exclusivity, scarcity, timeliness, and relevance? Like the four reasons people do anything? What would those be for this? And I would feed that all into something that'll give you a bunch of outputs.
[03:12:03] And this is perfect for quote-unquote controversy. Like, what would make people talk about this in San Francisco? It's probably something. maybe it's an AI restaurant pop up cafe. Maybe you riff on Y-Clawbots. Like Y-Clawbots meetups went so viral in San Francisco with the little lobster hats. How do we replicate that? It will be a different version of it. We have some cute Grockbott logos, maybe that we bring into it. Yeah, yeah. You could. My only thing on logos though,
[03:12:34] is that's about you not about them. So everything you sell, like that's good for your boss and Grock. But for the user, it's like, what is actually going to make them want to participate in that? That's why you'll see on our ads. So I think we spent a couple million dollars in ads for this book launch up. We'll tell this week, which is going down in two days. And the ads where it's overly corporate, like our logo is all over it, those perform at about 40% the rate of non-corporate ads.
[03:13:04] Like our best performing ads are me and my husband talking to each other or us inside of our business or literally one with our dog in it. So, yeah. So if you're building ads. I'm obviously not really important as that or if it's a fair. Yeah, less corporate, the better, less produced these days, the better. We did a couple ads that are really overly produced. No, one out, which is good for solo-prenuer builders. You don't have to have a big production to do this. I love that.
[03:13:34] I love that. Maybe one thought here, and I'm thinking maybe what we should do is put together a marketing plan and kick off a bot to help us take all this advice and write us a plan. Maybe we could do that, but I'm curious to maybe a last piece of advice from you, Cody, around traditional businesses. This is something you've done extensive work on. How do you help traditional businesses and enable those businesses with AI, help them grow and embrace new technology? We're thinking about something that's a pop-up, which in many ways relates to traditional
[03:14:08] restaurant tours or traditional businesses themselves. And yeah, I'm just curious for your general thoughts on tech enabling, tech enablement for those types of businesses. And maybe the components that you've seen work best or not work best. So we're not too over our skis of the whole AI thing, but we just love your general advice area. Maybe we could be that into our bot and come up with a marketing plan. I don't know. I think we're working towards that. That sounds good. Yeah. I mean, well, let's see. So we've brought in like 1,600 businesses over the past two years, predominantly home services,
[03:14:41] professional services, some online businesses as well. But almost all of them, they do a ranking in the beginning when they come to us. Almost all of them are not using AI anywhere near as intensely as the people who are on here. They're googling chat GPT for things. So the cool part about what you guys are doing you're going to be light years ahead of most small businesses. So that's one. I guess if I was thinking about how to use AI, I always think Charlie's monger says like invert, always invert.
[03:15:14] I would definitely start from where can you make small businesses cash? Because a lot of people are trying to sell them AI services that don't relate to revenue, but the average small business multiple is 15%. So they don't have a lot of cash typically. So if you can't tie it to an immediate revenue stream, you're probably not going to sell your AI services very well. So that's just one thought. But if you can do something like we're talking right now about how to market the bot that you're doing and how to spin it up, I might do something like this,
[03:15:45] like for instance, so what data do you guys have that's unique? So if you're in this pop up and you have GROC, maybe you're pulling together a list of all the users who on here who are interested in AI in the area and you're you did some sort of survey on them and you're going to give it to everybody who signs up for the restaurant and they get like a free dish or something when you come. For ours like our lead magnet is hey we've analyzed 15,000 small business owners we actually used tech we didn't use rock for this one this is a mixture of
[03:16:20] of Claude, Versel, and Recklett, but to come up with a survey that actually delivers something to the user that makes them feel like they're getting more value than you are for their email. This one in particular kind of tells you what kind of business owner you are, for instance. So I would think about for you, instead of just trying to get emails for signups, how can you give them something that's like so valuable? They almost, they feel like the value switch so hard they wouldn't give it, they wouldn't feel bad giving you their email.
[03:16:52] And then we posted it on X to see you can see it. And you start like, I would just do this with like five or six things. You could spin up a lead magnet probably in five minutes and have it be geared to what you know specifically posted on the internet. People will want the thing that you're talking about and then sign up to your restaurant. And that's what I would do. Got it. recap, it sounds like focus on the revenue dynamic, just given the business and think of technology and data more as an empowering capability.
[03:17:24] Is that maybe a fair summary? I know there's a lot more there than my two sentence recap. But yeah, I just, I mean, you're in business to make money the day, right? Like nobody does this for charity. So I think if you always start with first principle that you want your business to actually drive revenue, then you're going to do the things that'll keep you alive forever. And so that's why I'm like, go back to like, what are your leads? How are you capturing them? Can you make your leads money? Can you give your leads something that's 10x more valuable than what you're asking for for them? And if you can do that continuously,
[03:17:55] it'll be hard for you to lose or be poor. Yeah, amazing. Sounds really good. I mean, this is all stuff we never would have been able to get out of our arms. Or we're making progress, and I'm super excited to keep building some of this stuff. Cody, any parting thoughts for us? I know you've been incredibly generous with your time. And this has been really helpful. we're gonna definitely go and throw a bot at the transcript and get this marketing plan working. But yeah, any parting thoughts for us or for the folks listening in before we kind of switch back into build mode here?
[03:18:25] No, I think you guys are doing something really cool. Just remember, you know, business is there for you to profit off of it. Otherwise it's way too fucking hard and it takes too long and it's pretty miserable. And the only way that it ends up being fun is for you to succeed and make revenue and capital. And so I think that's the only thing I sometimes see with builders is they'll build a lot of cool stuff. But if you build it, I promise you, they will not come. All right. Well, V Cody Sanchez, thank you so much for spending time with us. This has been incredible.
[03:18:56] Learned a ton. And obviously we need to go focus on making money. It sounds like I think so. Yeah, helping other people make money too, maybe. I think so. So yeah, thank you so much again. I think we're going to take a short break. We're going to get some things sorted on our side, maybe like five minutes. We'll be back really soon. And then we're going to show you guys what we've been up to, what we're gonna start building? Yeah, hopefully we'll have the landing page up. All right, yeah, see you all soon. Yeah.

[03:43:51] We're ready to start.
[03:48:33] Okay. Everyone here is okay. I think we're back. Awesome. We're back. We're alive. Thanks so much for joining in. What we're gonna do is we're gonna give you a quick recap. We've been just hacking on things a little bit here. We get about five minutes until our next session starts and that is rockpot for engineering. Oh, which should be a good one. But in the meantime, what we did this morning was we did some market research. We looked over Twitter and got all of the ideas y'all suggested for a restaurant. we aligned on kind of what we're going to build. We talked to Pierre Yang and also Cody,
[03:49:04] who helped us learn a little bit more about go-to-market about what we're building. And then our focus from here on out really is just going to be building stuff. So I think we're going to focus mostly on showing Lauren, showing Potato, doing her thing after the engineering session and just showing what we can build. But the idea we aligned up with is a pop up for a restaurant, a pop up experience in San Francisco. So our goal is going to be to connect basically restaurant to a bunch of people that want to eat food and have an experience and through creating that experience we'll have some sort of software and so the
[03:49:38] product ideally at the end of the three days will be both an operating system a product for creating these sorts of experiences but then the experience itself and that's I think that's what we're gonna push for right yeah I think that's something it's ambitious but we'll try our best yeah and I wonder if there's a way we can make it you know some fun too like I had some maybe some I don't We'll play with it. Maybe we could make the booking experience more than just a traditional booking experience. But I'll save the crazy ideas for day two, maybe. So yeah. Awesome. Well, I mean, in the meantime, Lauren,
[03:50:09] you said you built some stuff. Maybe we could start talking through what you got. Well, I'm still building it. But essentially, I'm trying to set up like potato factory. So while we were off-stream, I set up a new bot called Hash Brown. and hash brown's job is to review the PRs that Tader opens. And as a reminder, Tader is my engineering bot. And so, hey, I hash brown's gonna be my reviewer bot.
[03:50:40] And then it got me thinking, like, I guess it'd be nice to have a similar setup for not just myself, but also Rotion and Matt. So I'm doing a couple of things now where I'm adding P stack to the repo. So one thing you can actually do with cursor plugins is you can install them both locally on your computer, but you can also set them up in the repo as our repo plugin and your bot or agent can do that very easily for you.
[03:51:12] So that's going there and then at the same time, I'm getting my bot to set up a automation, cursor automation. And if you're not sure what a cursor automation is, It is a way to, well, think of it as a way to kind of react to things. So when I open a pull request, I want the pull request to be posted to our Slack channel. And then there will be an automation that will pick that up and review the pull request. And maybe even merge it for you.
[03:51:43] I'm not sure what we'll do yet. But I hope you can get like, it's really nice flow where your bots are just dumping your PRs into that Slack channel and then the reviewer bot goes off and reviews them and then if it's good we can Merge it and then I'll try to make it so that the code base is really easy to contribute to So yeah a lot of things to do yeah There's a lot of scaffolding you're talking about right yeah a lot of scaffolding yeah a lot of like skills for agents and things like this
[03:52:13] Yeah, I feel like it's important to set up. I also don't want to over cook things because we're still a startup, right? Our goal is to survive until the next day. And I think we want something basic, nothing too fancy, but something we can extend later. So that's going to be what I'm going to set up after the 30 minute break. Also at the top. Yeah, and I mean this is like the same factory you use at SpaceX, right?
[03:52:44] Like this is very similar to the process. Yeah, except this time I have to start over I don't have all the stuff that I built before but yeah, it's a good chance for me to you know Maybe even rethink how I did the original setup. Maybe there's a better way, right? Maybe I'll get inspired as we built out this new factory a hundred percent So we're gonna take it back there I think and something we talked about during the break also is that I might take the land or so I'm going to think through visual design, and typically I build with PStack, and my flow is like using Rockbot to ID8,
[03:53:14] pushing that to cursor cloud agents to actually build this stuff. But we got about one minute here, and then we're going to kick it over to Rockbot for engineering live from San Francisco at Dreamforce, and we're going to have one of our teammates walk through exactly how you can use some of these workflows that we're talking about live on your own. So I'll kick it over there. And we're going to cut there. When you come back, we're going to just keep building. So I'm excited to see all this afternoon.
[03:53:55] Good afternoon. And welcome to Gropa Galaxy. And thank you so much for joining today's workshop on Gropa for Engineers. My name is Lingxi. And I'm a software engineer at SpaceX AI. To give you a little background about me, I joined Kirstur, which is now SpaceX AI right now, not for nine months and already shipped two products. I previously built cursory 3 Asian window and now building grab bot. And interestingly, in the past two months,
[03:54:26] I've been only using grab bot from engineering tasks. And with grab bot, I was able to build the first version of the grab bot mobile by myself in three weeks. And I can also learn much faster now thanks to grab bot because I can get to work on a lot of different aspects of the Gropbot, and also apply the different approaches that I sing that we didn't try following the first principles. And the more I build with Gropbot,
[03:54:56] the more I want to share this superpower with you all. And this is what today's workshop is all about. So our whole engineering journey started at around from the early 2024. At the time or before that, we only have like outer complete, which is like syntax based. And after that, we start to have tab completion, which is already a big leap forward. And since then, we start to have the ask and edit.
[03:55:29] That is the first time we can feel the power of the agent where it can help us glimpse through the code base much faster, much easier, and also start doing some repetitive tasks. at a time, they cannot do like a big bunch of tasks. And we just keep iterating. And then the agent code income. The cursor two and cursor three are all about agent code. And it is able to manipulate your computers, manipulate your mouse, your keyboard, to test things and to end.
[03:56:02] And not only that, you can now think on a longer horizon to know what needs to be done for the next step. And it can also plan things. It can work on things like, you know, we have the slash goal, slash loop. It has been pretty useful on getting agents finish a task end to end so I don't have to nudge it. But at the time, we still need to nudge it. We still need to write the prompt. We still need to start the agent from some sort of interface.
[03:56:32] So the next step comes the automation, which is running on the cursor cloud agents. That is a different era because the agent could then be started based on some triggers. Like you receive a Slack message, you get something. And that unlocks a lot of possibilities because it can not only, like you can not only rely on you starting the agent, the agent can start on its own, that you are not with your computer.
[03:57:02] The agent can also run 24-7, that even when you are asleep, It can also start based on the Slack message that is triggered. And another thing that it unlocks is it no longer limited by how much your local computer can run. The whole idea of cursor cloud agent is that it can run whatever is possible on your computer, on cloud. That means we can just give you 10 machines or even more to run things in parallel. Your agents would no longer fight for the same port.
[03:57:33] And at the time, the cursor cloud agent has unlocked everyone. Everyone at cursor team has almost been 10xed or even more. But we have also been thinking through, what should be the next step? Like, Agenda coding is already very good. We have seen promising results that a small team can ship a big product. What's more, what can make our life easier? So the idea is we can possibly make Gropbot, We can possibly make some AI agents to help us write the prompt,
[03:58:08] to help us orchestrate because before that, I was able to manage 15 cursor-cloud agents. It was already a lot. I have been context switching between different cloud agents. But I really wish there was another agents that can help me kick off the follow-up, help me queue the messages, help you nudge or interrupt the cloud agents when I think it shouldn't do, it shouldn't continue, or it needs to be steered into a different direction. And we do believe that the models nowadays have the capability to get the signals we need.
[03:58:45] So then we just put them together and now it becomes the team of autonomous agents that can act as your colleague and you can directly tag them, you can directly work with them and they can grow with you. And that is Grapat. So let me introduce you to the Grapat. This is a team of fully autonomous AI agents designed for all types of works, including engineering.
[03:59:16] First of all, it runs 21st 7 and it is fully autonomous. It can run on its own. It is not limited to to when your computer is asleep or not. And it also does not require you to actually have a laptop. The second thing is, which is the biggest unblock for the engineers is it can manage coding agents for you. Not only cursor-claw agents, it can almost manage any type of coding agents for you. And the best thing is it has the first party integration
[03:59:49] with cursor-claw agents. So it has the tools to be able to read the transcripts, to start a cursor cloud agents, it can also start on a private worker so that if you have your Mac.
 machines you want to learn, they can start into the Mac machine. Anything you can do in the cursor window with Cloud agents, CloudBuck can do for you with tools. And so you don't have to let your CloudBuck control some user interface to start the agents and read the transcript. It can efficiently read all these through their tools.
[04:00:21] And to me, this unblocks a lot of workflows, because it can examine what's being done by the cloud agents, not only being done, but also what's in progress. So for example, I have some instructions to my Grogbot that after the workflow is done, it can check what's being proofed in that workflow or in that cloud agent term. And then it can use my instructions to determine whether that is treated as completed
[04:00:52] or it's missing some important proofs, for example, like screenshots or the performance comparison before versus after. If it's missing, my grow bot can just directly create a follow-up reply to the Cloud agents with what needs to be done. So the Cloud agents can then continue working even if I am not with my computer. The second thing is it can connect to most of the tools you use. For example, if you're an engineer deploying your website or dashboards to the Vercels, it has the Vercels
[04:01:25] it can connect all these deployments. So it's not like connect a VERSELM CP with your local coding, agent-tick coding tools. It's that it can just run 24-7 and it can check the signals when the build is failed, starts to work on that. It can also directly kick off a deployment based on some timing. For example, you wanna get a deployment on 6am tomorrow, but you are a night all. You can just ask it, say, okay, deploy 6 AM tomorrow.
[04:01:57] It will know the timing. It will call all the tools you use at the time. So you are no longer needs to start a local agent or some other agent at the time you need them. Another big thing is it has the memories and routines. This is the biggest on block. This is actually a big leap forward comparing with what we had before with continuous learning. It can persist the memory based on what you tell them,
[04:02:27] and over a very, very long horizon. And also the Grop bots are like very, are named so you can have different memories on the different Grop bots, so that they are not overwhelmed by tons of memories that are possibly unrelated to what they're currently working on. And this is very important because most of the time when you're talking with Grop bot on something that they should be doing better. They can just continue, like they can just remember it and the next time when they start a cloud agent
[04:02:58] or doing something, doing some revision works against the cloud agents, they can apply where you previously enjoyed and then directly use that into the prompts they sent to the cloud agents. You don't have to repeat what you said thanks to this memory system. And I think it's also important to have understand why you need a Grapbot because there are a lot of products out there that are possibly
[04:03:29] able to do the work that you might think they're able to do. For example, I was a big user of the OpenClaw and Hermits agent. They were not really able to do the engineering works that good because they lack the first-party integration with the Grapbot. I think the first idea is you don't need any caffeinated laptop anymore. I think that's a big on block because I know a lot of you have maybe have a tool with some terminal commands to make sure your laptop is awake just to get this
[04:04:01] things done. We don't think that's an elegant experience for any sort of engineering tasks. We want to get rid of it. So Groqua has their own computer, 24-7. Your laptop can stay awake can stay away from being awake and can just keep being a terminal for sending the commands. And after you send it, you just close the laptop. You don't really have to worry about if anything gonna stop working or stop running. The second thing is it's beautifully available on all platforms.
[04:04:33] We recently shipped the iPad and Android. And it's already available on iOS, Windows, Linux and macOS. So you can literally work on anywhere. For example, you can lie on the grass on the Golden Gate Park while your body is working. And the third part is also one of the biggest on block for the Grog bots comparing with other products is that you can control the computer when needed. Unlike other products, when they actually need a log in or they actually need someone to help them click through something, you cannot do it.
[04:05:08] only prompt them and helplessly see what's going on on the transcript. It's no longer a case for Gropa. On any platform like iOS, Android, or iPad, you can directly click through the computer to get things done. Whether it's like login to some services that are very hard to navigate or require some sort of human verification, or when it's doing some login, but you don't want to hand your password away, you can use the mobile clients or our desktop clients to click through the remote computer to get
[04:05:43] things done. You can not really get this with other products. And the last part is the first party coding agent integration. This also only exists at cursor, that our cursor cloud agent integration with scrapbot is very, very smooth, that almost everything you can do in the user interface of the cursor, it's possible with Grogbot. And let me share a few interesting engineering use cases that I really enjoy. It's been powering me since the past two months,
[04:06:15] and I really love what we have been building around the Grogbot and also build a Grogbot for us. The first thing is get the things done when I'm away. So let's think about you are possibly asleep or you are on a flight. And your teammate needs an on-block. you are the only engineer having the code owner of some service. Previously, they have to wait until you get off the flight, which is kind of sad because in the modern startups,
[04:06:49] the speed is very important. So let's think about you get pinned and your bot can monitor some slack and based on the situation or the criteria you set, automatically unblock them, reviewed for whatever is needed, and then send an acknowledged back in the Slack. That's what's happening right now. And it's been pretty smooth because I don't have to be always next to my laptop. Even if something that's actually
[04:07:21] review require my review or require my supervision, I can also take a look on my phone. And then once I feel it's good, I can just send this through my Gropbot saying, Okay, this looks good, approve it. And then a Grogba will just send approval and also notify the sender about this thing as being approved, they can continue. And also we can possibly think further about what if they can monitor just the general slack for me, but not only when I sent them something that says,
[04:07:51] okay, it's approved. I can tell the Grogba that these are my review criteria. I need something to be attached with a screenshot. I need it to be attached with a test that are not fake tests. And then whenever someone sent me or tagged me on a Slack, they can read the message, check if it's a review case. And then they can kick off my skill for doing a code scan and also doing code research based on the criteria I gave.
[04:08:22] They can also run it in a cloud agent so they can execute a skill inside your repository. And then they can acknowledge it back. So I don't have to be awake like a side of my computer or even a side of my phone at all. And only be nogged when my bot actually needs me. And how about one step further? How about monitor X from? There are a lot of bug reports about the graph bots on X and those are very valuable feedbacks.
[04:08:54] So we also have set up the bots to monitor the Slack, syncs to the first party integration with Slack MCP. So we also, we have the bots to automatically kick off a task to start digging into whether the, the, the produces still valid on main. And then if it's still valid, go fix it and send it a PR. And the same thing applies to other surfaces where we need security reviews or we need to go find the right person for them to review. Everything now is, it's bots,
[04:09:26] contacting with spots and the human only connects with human when it's absolutely needed so we can focus on the deeper work. So that you might be interesting and where is the human stance in if the bots can do everything for us? That's a very good question because humans still have a lot of things to focus on. I still drive the product direction. There are still a lot of design details I need to dive into. There are also like a lot of difficult things bot couldn't finish like performance issues like how we should architect our next next version of the app
[04:10:02] so we can avoid most of the issues we have and also have a good architecture in the front in the front so we won't get sloppy code along a longer horizon. I also need to give them a better instruction on how to say no. I think this is a very important aspect in the in the product because there are a lot of bug reports and feedbacks and some of them is not suitable with what you need in a product. The bot is very kind, they will possibly accept everything by
[04:10:33] default, so you need to set the boundary, you need to tell them why you need to do this, what kind of thing should not be doing and here's the reasoning. The bot has the memory system, they can remember what you told them and then apply to the future decisions so you don't have to to repeat say, I don't want this in the product. This is not simple enough. We need to simplify this. You don't have to repeat that over the time. And also, I need to make sure my body's not blocked. I think it's also, it's very important
[04:11:04] because there are a lot of authentication steps in between. So the graphite needs to have a very good experience on getting the bot unblocked by a human. The next use case is also one of my favorite use case, which is available on the marketplace as well, it's nightly code cleanup. We all know that in a past year, we have been possibly shipping some Sloppyco. Everyone hates that. And sometimes it's just hard to enforce
[04:11:36] every single agent to apply the same rules. So another solution is just to clean those slops out over the night. That's when the people are not shipping, so it's less likely to hit a conflict. And it's also less risky because most of the time they're just slops, they can just being condensed into a smaller module or remove the lensee commons that you just hate. Those are very low risk. Could be done overnight. And you can also trust the cursor cloud agents
[04:12:09] to merge those PRs based on the conditions you set. For example, like you have provided a clear end-to-end proof of what's going on. If that's provided, you can feel free to merge. And right now, my setup is every 3 a.m., my group, my bots will start a research cloud agents to review across the whole surface of our monorepil. And they can identify issues like code quality,
[04:12:42] not being good, things should be modularized but not properly modularized. the comments that are not properly condensed into what is necessary. And also security audits that sometimes we just forgot that this is very important to prevent someone else to still something. We have to grab our catch all these kind of things over the night. And when I wake up, I just have a set of PRs available.
[04:13:13] The next thing is about internal tooling. that this is also changing how we collaborate with Cindy organization. Previously, for things like adding people to the test five via email address, rather than via a link, you might think I can build an internal dashboard for some authentication on it, put some database against it, deploy to a sell behind some authentication wall and then distribute it to the internal employees to sign up for the test five. It works. And with the agent decoding,
[04:13:45] should be already like not so. You can get it done by an hour or two. The thing is why do you have to? With ScrubBuck, one of the flexibility is that ScrubBuck can run logics with a much simpler interface, for example, like a Slack message. So the unlock here is that I have everyone just mentioned my bot inside Slack and just put the email address next to it. My bot will have a routine or some webhooks
[04:14:16] signals based on Slack. So whenever someone tack, it starts to run the routine of adding people into the test flight. So the only thing I need to do is to make sure my bot has access to the test flight in a safe way. And other than that, I only give it one prompt of what needs to be done and this internal tooling is available to be used. The next thing is also my outer favorite use case, which is out of fix everything.
[04:14:47] You might have a lot of deployment pipelines, or CI's, or into an integration test. The biggest thing is when we actually have a CI going red, we usually ping on call rather than another bot to get fixed. That's changed. The own codes are only being involved when it's absolutely needed. And most of the time when CI is read about where automatically kicks in, starts to examine in what is being read and then starts to spin up a cloud agent to fix it. And then also has
[04:15:23] our instructions of how to determine if you should merge it and they can just merge. So the turnaround of needing a human to take a look and the human needs to contact switch between tasks are very, very minimal right now. Not only for a CI being main, any deployment arrows, any CI flakeness, or any sort of tasks that has a signal or has an alert currently in your internal pipeline could be hooked up into the Grop bot and only ping on call
[04:15:54] if it wasn't resolved after like 10 minutes. Most of the time, Grop bot can get it done within 10 minutes. And right now, let me introduce you to how I organize my bots. So we are kind of in between a world where you only need one bot versus you need a fleet of the bots. So I have my chief of staff, which is called Ling Shishi. I have the Craig working on the UI engineering. I have Steve working on the DEVX and Hogan-Won-Keyron
[04:16:25] working on Inferno. You might ask this question of why we need three engineer bots rather than one because apparently they are sitting on the same model and they might be able to do the to the task 100% They will be able to do any task to give them even if I gave a UI task to Hogan they should be able to resolve it. The issue is the context and also how they're going to manage their fleet. Every single bot has a different slightly different pipeline based on the work they do and also has their own context limit.
[04:16:58] To avoid the run over the context limit when switching between too many tasks, I prefer to put them separately. So whatever is told to the Hogan will be persisted in the Hogan's memory, all the instructions, etc. The next time when a new task come in, the Hogan can just start the new task based on the context they already has, rather than trying to pull the instructions again and then start the task in a new area. This can make your fleet run much faster.
[04:17:31] And the key thing is, you don't really have to talk with your individual engineers unless necessary. You can mostly talk with your chief of staff and the chief of staff can route the request to every individual engineers because chief of staff has the understanding of who is working on what. While Chief of Staff can also save his contacts from remembering all these engineering workflows where how things should be developed. And now let me give you a demo of how I can set these things
[04:18:03] up. This will be a very life demo because I'm also the first time setting these things. So right now, I just downloaded Linxh's engineer bar from the marketplace and it's onboarded into what kind of repository, it needs to be done also connect to the to the notion. Right now, I'm going to download the the nightly audit bot from the marketplace. So you can find it from the graph bot team right here, you all. There's like a nightly, nightly audit engineer, I will edit. Now it's very simple, it's
[04:18:39] already started doing all these onboarding tasks. And the thing is, this nightly audit engineer does not have the context of how my existing engineering workflows is being done. So what I will do is instead of telling it all these things that are possibly already told, like, you know, follow this pipeline, do this first, do that then, I will have my existing engineer bots to onboard my new engineer. Hello, I have a new member in the team called Knightly,
[04:19:13] Rename them to Steve and tell them how the engineering workflows are enforced. So my engineer bots actually actually renamed them to Craig because that's my name for them. them. My Craig will send a message to my nightly audit engineer, which will soon be Steve,
[04:19:43] and then starts to handshake all these things over. So you can see my Craig just message the Steve with some message of how everything goes. It includes all the requirements of of how our notion board is made, how our, what is the definition of the clean and how to ladder through different stage of my workflows, all the up-planetax, and my Steve work knowledge, and absorb into their memory.
[04:20:15] You don't have to repeat or copy paste every single thing between bots. You just let the bot talk with each other. You can see they also just, you know, confirmed between each other. So I don't really have to talk with Steve. Like my Craig would just tell me everything is confirmed, he's all good. And right now, the Steve is equipped with the nightly audit skills. So I'm gonna kick this off right now, just for demo purposes.
[04:20:46] Usually it runs on 4am. But let Steve, let Steve know to start nightly and audit workflow right now. Just let them stop right now. So in the meantime, we will be waiting for the Steve to do some research and get back to us with all the findings about the fly-low.
[04:21:16] We will take a look over some other examples of how I can work with the Asian in parallel. So right now I already had a task to crack. And I think there's one issue with the FLYLO website. That's being reported, it's very urgent. So, okay. I think there's an issue with flylowair.com that you should cannot check their previously booked flights.
[04:21:51] Can you check if it's true? So my bot will be able to navigate a website in their computer, click through and show me what's going on. This is one of the on-block because we know a lot of engineers have workflows that are not reachable through MCP. So if you need to click a button based on some instructions or at some certain timings, you can ask the bot to do it by using their computers.
[04:22:26] So it's checking the fly-low. I can monitor it from the computer. Yes, so it's currently navigating through the website. Try to understand whether this is an legit issue. So it's navigating through. You can see it can generally do anything you need on a web. So almost all of your workflows could be delegated on our blunt.
[04:23:04] And I think because this issue is like being reported by the user, I want it urgently. But the thing is, when you talk with agent, they possibly know, OK, the urgent means I need to get an ASAP. But what it might do is ended up skipping the steps or start guessing things to actually get short result faster. We don't want that. We don't want agent to guess things. We want deterministic results. So previously, before Grakpa, I may tell them to just repeat them.
[04:23:36] Like, I need the urgently, for example, I need the urgently and tell them what you need to do and what you should not do. But how about extract them? I don't want to repeat myself every single time. That is the whole point of the grant part or the autonomous coding that you should not repeat yourself. And I will let my chief of staff onboard a new member called Jenny
[04:24:07] onboard a new member called Jenny for doing all the, for head of operations. And my Jenny will start to play around with the playbook. Jenny needs to manage a playbook for my engineering team, and needs to on the playbook and avoid other engineers to update.
[04:24:41] So my chief of staff will start to onboard Jenny. And then my Jenny will start to own a playbook in notion. And then they can update our playbook based on what I tell them on what needs to be done at what time so that every other engineers can just apply the same playbook. You can see the Jenny's up in the stage. And my chief of staff is also doing the agent to agent chats between them so that they can just handshake to each other.
[04:25:16] So I don't have to actually tell Jenny what needs to be done, the only thing I need to talk is with my chief of staff. Let me actually check in with Steve on how much it's going. Okay, so the Steve, without my instructions, oh, this is my built-in instructions. So without any of my chat, the Steve is already doing the research on what kind of things could be improved over the code base and it has already started a bunch of the cloud agents and it seems like they are finished.
[04:25:48] So my Steve is currently working on and conducting them into the PR that actually improves them. And then now let me get back to Craig to see what is going on. OK, so he says it's confirmed. The issue is true. Slash trips is a stub while the navigation still links there. There's no check today for a previously booked flight. So now it needs to do this urgently.
[04:26:23] I really wanted to do urgently, but let's slow down a little bit right now to think what they need to do when we say urgently. There's, I think it's a widely acknowledged issue that coding agents sometimes are running very, very long horizon, and it's not good. We need things urgently. So one of the idea to help unlock this situation is to have you checking their thinking traces,
[04:26:54] checking their two coasts to make sure they're on the right track and not to almost steer them at the right time when they are possibly going off track. But that requires you to be next to the desktop. And sometimes you have other tasks to do. You're not an extra desktop, and you don't want to look into the details, thinking traces, et cetera, every single second. So what I usually do is I have a P0 escalation workflow with my bots that, let me define this. So Tritias P0 and a P0 definition is,
[04:27:30] they would need to monitor, the group bot needs to monitor the cloud agents every five minutes to check the progress, to check where the cloud agent is currently running on. And sometimes the cloud agents are running tests are very long. They do like a sleep 300 to just get around the test that are running async in another shell. And sometimes the tests are fast, like within a minute. There you have four minutes lost. So when the ground block can check into the cloud agents,
[04:28:04] they can check if they're doing a tool call that's very unnecessary, time consuming. and they interrupted immediately and started a new prompt based on what's happening. And like it does not need me involved at all. I don't write any prompt at all as well. The only thing I write is this, it's the definition of the PZO, you need to set up a routine that checks cloud agent
[04:28:37] every five minutes. check if they are off the track, such as running a sleep, running a long sleep like sleep 300, or going off our goal being too conservative. We sometimes just need things moving a little faster. And this is a very rough prompt, I give it.
[04:29:07] It can definitely grow along with sure interaction for example, you see it possibly work better in some situation, you can then just tell it to do that. You don't have to write it into a skill anymore. You don't have to write a loan from every single time. You just tell them once in a normal message as how you would tell your teammate for doing something urgently. Going off our goal being too conservative and not interrupt and
[04:29:42] and nudge them at a time you found them going off because I need this urgently, urgent, urgent, urgent. So I will also tell them to fix the issue. I can...
 Just click reply so that it has the context of what I'm quoting on, fix this issue urgently. Trudy has a p0. And then it knows what is the p0 now. But only Craig knows what is p0 is.
[04:30:15] Rather than copy paste into every single one of my engineer bots because now won't scale if you have 10 or 15 or 20 bots, I will have a handed with the Jenny. So let me check if Jenny is on right now. Jenny owns edits. Jenny owns edits. So Jenny would nudge me whenever they need a decision. And I think that's a very good question for me. And they just managed the message to bought, I think, everything is set up. And now I will let the Craig to talk with Jenny
[04:30:48] about this PZL workflow and bake it into the playbook. So my Craig can then talk with the Jenny to put this into the playbook. And then Jenny can go announce to other engineers automatically. Also, let Jenny to announce to every engineer about.
[04:31:19] The good thing of this is you are just thinking what needs to be done once. So you finish the workflow, you get the handshake on. So all your bots understand what needs to be done at what time. The next time something happens, or the next time you need to add a new workflow, like you actually need to do this. need to do some step before you actually trigger deployment, they can just populate the playbook, and all engineers will know that without you telling them individually. This is very similar to how a human organization
[04:31:51] is shaped while it's at the agent's scale, that agent has a context of it. Sometimes human does. So the treatments for human teams sometimes apply to the bot. Some does not apply, but you can always experiments, whatever workflows you have, and see if it works. Okay, so they told the Jenny, you can see most of the conversations are directly between the bots, just like I'm managing them as an engineering manager
[04:32:21] or I'm mentoring my talented intern. So they kinda know what kind of things needs to be handshake between them. They just don't have the knowledge of what's going on at organization, what kind of workflows they should follow, and what is good versus what is bad. Okay, so Jenny announced out to the other engineer bots. You can see Jenny talked with all of the bots and then also talked with the Craig about the playbook being updated, the PZL urgent is now a standing operations.
[04:32:57] Yeah, you can see. And some other ideas are, I want my PRs to come with some proof. So it's easier for me to review. That's also how I work nowadays that I don't really check my cloud agents. I check the results and check the proof. But it will be very disappointed if the proof is just not included. So I have to nudge them back, say, oh, this misses the proof. That is very bad. I should just do it once so that all the things onward are just included, provaltomatically.
[04:33:27] So tell us my Craig, which is kind of like my head of engineering right now, that another requirement for the playbook is to make sure every single PR comes with proofs, like screenshots for UI changes and perf metrics for performance improvements.
[04:33:57] And they should not understand what to talk with the Jenny. And let's see how it goes with the Steve. So Steve already gets something back. You can see some cleanup and the PR is ready. I can click over and start the review. And another one is also still running. The best thing of the Rock Boys, even if you're chatting with them, they can still do their existing things pretty well. Just like a human who can multitask a little, though sometimes, if you've not done too hard, they will start to lose their context because they're too
[04:34:32] too much, there are too many tasks to handle. So that's where my original engineer bot comes in, which is you can get from the marketplace, that it comes with a fleet notion database that defines every single task plus the stage there on. So even if one bot is managing like 20 cloud agents, they don't have to populate their limited context is everything about all these 20-cloud agents.
[04:35:04] They can just always check back to this DB whenever they find like, whenever they need to take the next task. So they don't really have to remember what is currently going on, what kind of cloud agents are being working on, and what is done and needs their eyes for the next steps. You can see this is a trust polish, which is watching 33, which is going through the watching process of possible security, comments, and bug bots. This is also a big on block in the engineering pipeline
[04:35:34] where the bug bots can help you identify issues made by your agent and security, but security common feature can also monitor potential security issues with respect to leaks or like, you know, session management, et cetera. So that's very helpful. So usually in my workflow, I would just go into this PR and review it, and then get emerged.
[04:36:06] Let me actually check this PR. So this is that Cloud Agent that I previously kicked off before the stage. And it got some screenshots of what is being done. Plus, you can see my agents are now writing all the prompts for my Cloud agents. I no longer have to write all these prompts though I could, which is what I previously used sometimes did, I don't have to. The agents will do this for me. So most of my tasks can stay on what kind of things needs to be done, what kind of things needs to be killed.
[04:36:39] And you can see this task just gets back all these screenshots. I can just feel confident to merge and what I will get. OK, so go back to the presentation. I think we have, I have been sharing a lot of my workflows today. and I want to wrap up on what we can learn from today. So you can take away with some ideas on how to start this whole workflow and how you can leverage it. The first thing I think is a very,
[04:37:09] very mind-blowing is treat them like interns. So when you're feeling struggling about communicating with your boss, you don't know what kind of things to say or they just doing bad, don't treat them like an agent or try to invoke skills, et cetera. With ScrubBots, you can chat with them in a messaging base, which is how you would chat with a talented intern who does not know about what to do, but once you tell them, they can be extra capable of. Another thing is, we can possibly think one level further
[04:37:43] rather than just fix this thing. This could also be known as reduced repetition that sometimes I repeat a prompt to my agents, too often that it's a waste of my time if I have to type in or copy paste the same thing and send it to the agent 10 times. We can think of one level further about what actually needs to be done and then extract it into some layer either via a playbook or via some other bots
[04:38:14] to nudge another bot for you at the right time. The last thing I think is also very important for using engineering with cursor cloud agents is to have a complete feedback loop. No matter what type of engineering tasks you have, it needs to have a feedback loop in order for agent to understand the signal of success versus failure. That's also very helpful for Grogba to determine whether they should nudge further or whether they should stop and let it merge. For example, you can let your agent
[04:38:46] to control the website of your computer use. And I think that's the easiest feedback loop. For hardware engineering, They are also feedback loops on the signals of whether something is actually good or not. And thank you. That's it for my workshop. Thank you so much for your attention. To those of you joined virtually, it's time to head back with Matt, Lauren, and Rochon.
[04:39:53] What we're going to build. And maybe a good place to start is that Lauren could walk through some of the things that she started searching and what do you all learn? I haven't been doing anything that interesting, but I am, so the background is in the SpaceX AI Slack. We have a lot of automations that do things like review
[04:40:25] our PRs, automatically triage bug reports and stuff like that. So I wanted to get something basic set up for us so that your bots can post PRs to the site channel and get it reviewed. And then you can merge it, and we can figure out how to auto deploy maybe. But yeah, a lot of the kind of ops stuff I've been trying to work on. And I can kind of walk through what we've have so far.
[04:40:59] I don't know if my screen's being shared, but are we going to get Lauren's screen up here? And we'll start talking through it. Yeah.
[04:41:32] And maybe while Lauren is doing that, we can just recap for while we're waiting for the screen, I should say. We can recap a little bit of what we're building. Mr. CEO. All right. So what we're working on is a restaurant pop-up. So we're going to do a pop-up in person in San Francisco. This is a bit ambitious. So our goal is going to be to collect both people that want to tend the pop-up. And then people that can actually make the pop-up happen. Because while we're building the business, we're not restaurant tours. So we might need to find a restaurant. We might need to connect people, find a location, do all the logistical work. And then we're going to build a platform around that.
[04:42:03] So the software that we build to make that pop up happen, we're going to need to figure out a way to turn that into a product into cell. So it's a bit of a stretch goal by day three to make some money. But we're going to do our best to make it happen. And this is my screen where I'm connecting GitHub and setting up repositories, so ship by Thursday. But if we could get over to Lauren's screen, who has more things to show you, this is permissioning for cursor cloud agents. And so we'll work on getting over to Lauren's screen. But in the meantime, Lauren's working on building out her software factory. I'm connecting some GitHub repos to do some design work.
[04:42:36] So typically my workflows start in GROCBOT and then they move over to cursor. You can kind of see how GROCBOT's interacting with cursor here. But yes, once we get Lauren's screen up, we should be able to start talking through how she uses GROCBOT. But in the meantime, we're working on building our restaurant business. I'm acting as CEO, not self-appointing CEO if somebody else said that. So throw that out there. Lauren gave us all time. Lauren gave us all titles. Rishan is the CEO, Chief Product Officer. Lauren is the other CEO, Chief Potato Officer,
[04:43:08] and also the CTO Chief Engineer building stuff. So yeah, until then, I'm working on getting cursor setup here to add some repositories. So typically, you just have to auth your org. We're using our like ship by Thursday org here. So we've configured that. Also, like some repositories that we're building in here. So we have Thursday. We have our company, there's some other stuff we're working with here, but these are the two main ones. So I have a domain. We should have access to both of these domains.
[04:43:39] And should be off. Steve Grockbots. Good. On the meantime, I've been creating some bots here. So we have our prioritizer bot. I have my operator research. So what I was trying to do here, we talked to Cody about this, is that we wanted to understand some similar businesses that have done pop-ups like this. So we have restaurant tours, operators, and sort of a list of these people where I can kind of see, do some basic research.
[04:44:10] And these are all really good restaurants, by the way. Flower and water, home of cost to restaurant group. And so now we can kind of start to understand the business plan, but more than that we're building out the software, we're gonna start to connect people. And to create these bots, I'm using Dr. Eggbot, which is Lauren's bot, you can find it in the marketplace. one of the first featured bots for making more bots. So about a bit of a bot factory, if you will. And so now on the AV side, if we can cut over to Lauren, potentially, and away from me to another screen, let's go shared.
[04:44:40] Are you sharing your screen, Lauren? I am. Cool. We'll find out how to make that happen. And there we go. Look at that. It's hard to share your screen. So yeah, like I was saying, now we have a, We have a few new channels in our Slack. We have a PR review channel. Let me make this bigger. So you can see that my idea basically is me or
[04:45:12] my bots and I will post their PR links here. Then you can see that cursor has an automation that we just set up. It's pretty unsophisticated right now. It's just a prompt in the automation. maybe I can actually show it to you, but here is the automation. And yeah, this automation is going to review pull requests for us. It's going to use p-stack. It's going to do things like check for correctness,
[04:45:48] correctness, risk, missing tests. It's got a bunch of stuff in here that I don't know if I like it, I like it but we'll kind of iterate. And so that's going to fire for every post in this channel. And then I'm sending up a new bug reports channel where I'm going to set up a very similar automation. Or maybe we'll even figure out once the page goes live, a way to get feedback from people on X automatically or something and pipe them all into this channel.
[04:46:21] And then we can set up a factory going where we automatically open PRs and triage bugs that people report and have that fixed. Obviously, we don't really have anything superport bugs, but we don't really have much of an app right now. But I want to just set up something really basic just so we can get started. So, other thing I'm working on is this thing. So I talk a lot about this on Twitter or X. But I think verification is a really important
[04:46:54] part of using bots as well. And I'm not sure why the screen is frozen on Slack. But verification is really important because it allows your bot to run the application to take traces, to take e-pnap shots, debug bugs. And it's really important so that the agent can do work of of its own that's not bottlenecked by me, because without a verification skill,
[04:47:24] then my bot will constantly be saying, okay, now you can run the app and click around and tell me if it works or not. And that takes a lot of back and forth, very, very slow. So what I wanna do is to set up that verification skill. So Steve, well, I really prompted Steve that let's first use Pstack to run this skill called create verification skill. So it delegated to our tater bot.
[04:47:55] And let's see what tater is up to. So I guess it's trying to work through that. Let's see. Let's try what's the status. And we'll see what it comes back with. So you might be seeing my screen right now. I'm just working on some of the lander stuff. So while Lauren's working through that, we're going to figure out how to get her screen back up while I'm working on the lander.
[04:48:27] Yeah? Do you have any ideas what you're going to do for the landing page? So actually, we kind of started wiring something up. It doesn't seem like we're running in more technical difficulties where the screen is flipped frozen. So anyway, we have a lander wired up. We have a domain that we're prototyping. We'll show that with y'all shortly. But in the meantime, we are working on just polishing the design. So I'm going to start kicking off some of us work on the design. I have some skills I use.
[04:48:58] So make interfaces feel better is a good one. I prefer minimalism, and that's maybe a good place to start before we start working on some branding. So I'm going to take that prototype you built, Lauren, and I'm going to turn that into something that I think looks nice and maybe a little bit more professional while you kind of work on the backend services. And then we can tie in some like wait lists, sign up type stuff. So now we have what appears to be Lauren's screen. Yeah, I'm going to keep walking through. Cool. Is it working?
[04:49:30] Yeah, so it spawned a cloud agent. And I guess we're just waiting for it to build the skill for me. Piece stack. Again. I guess while we wait, we can also just take a quick look at piece stack, what that skill does. So I think there's two interesting parts to verification skills that in my experience have let the, makes the skill more useful for agents.
[04:50:04] And that is that I feel like there's largely two parts to the skill, which is one is you want like a CLI or a script or some kind of tool that allows the bots or agents to reliably and determined the sickly interactive your application. I mean bots and agents are pretty smart now where they can just write scripts on the fly. But that obviously uses a lot of tokens.
[04:50:34] because now every bot has its own script that is going to use for doing the verification. And I'd rather it just have like a standard set of tools. So the verification skill is going to, or the create verification skill, is going to create this CLI for us. And also is going to create something called a feature map, which is not super important for us right now because we don't really have any features. But the idea of the feature map is it gives, you know,
[04:51:04] as the names suggests, it's a map for the agents and the bots to, what do you call it, understand the application, like what features you have, how to get to it, you know, keyboard shortcuts, and so on. So let me see why this is taking so long. And I'm thinking like, I'm working on the wait list right now. We really just need a way for people to submit emails and then log that somewhere. There are a couple different platforms.
[04:51:35] I actually like loops for this, which is actually a really great platform. You can also use Resend. I might just start with Resend because it's pretty simple to get started and agents are quite good there. So the lander. Do I have a plugin for it? I wonder if we do. I think you're right. I think we do. Yeah, I think we do. Cool. So I'm directing my agent to work on that Thursday repo.
[04:52:13] We do have a Resend plugin, so that's pretty cool. I just have to wait for this. By the way, domain is live. Yeah. I can now connect it. I notice that. It's now connected. Wait, do we have any submissions yet? Well, we haven't heard of the submission form. No, I did. I did. Oh, you did. We hooked it up to our database. Oh, really? It did. So if there's anyone hitting the page, I think we'll start seeing entries. Let's see what we got. Maybe we see who got any. Yeah, I'm going to. Is this in the back end? I don't need to go to or.
[04:52:44] Yeah, you need to go to the planet scale. And then you can look around. That's a good thing to mention. We already have a database. I think we want to redesign the form first though, because right now it's like kind of live coded the form. I don't know if we're even collecting information that's that useful. So if you're sub-mitting, maybe don't submit yet because it's probably just a throwaway prototype for now. But I think we'll want to iterate and think about what information we need, who the audience
[04:53:17] And I have my, I have my, I have my founding edge bot open right here. I'm going to do a little rant with what I think we need. Okay. So we need to redesign the UI to be much more minimal as first of all. It looks really bad. Yeah. And then second, we want to orient and around collecting guests or like reservations. So what I'm thinking is we just want an email sign up for people that want to join our pop-up. And once the person signs up, we're going to log them in the database. In the top right corner, we want a button for like restaurant tours or other proprietors
[04:53:48] or people who can help us like make this happen. So we're going to collect primarily guest booking information. So you'll be able to go sign up. But then secondarily, people that want to submit basically a request to like help us out because we need some help. We're going to need to go find some people. And maybe people want to submit that. I think we're just going to have to send a lot of emails and use our GROC bot to do market research on how to make that happen. And so I'm going to work on that personally. I want this bot to redesign the website. So with that transcription, hopefully my engineering bot
[04:54:21] will start working towards getting that done. So while we wait for the verification skill later to use a Cloud agent, I guess, to prototype some admin, what do we want?
[04:54:58] What do we need? Well, I'm just thinking about what features with a platform actually, I guess you need to be able to, we have a sign up page. Well, we'll definitely need the login screen. And then we will, what do people do on this platform? I guess you want to host a, you want to create startup, sorry, a pop up. What's the first thing you need? A name. A name for about, make sure. A date and time. Date and time.
[04:55:28] Basically you want submissions, and then you want like the event. So the first thing is to create an event event. Yeah, like the defining thing would be like an event. And then an event has a bunch of other related tables to it. Like, people need like an invitation way to collect signups for their pop-up. We will need tools for managing staff.
[04:56:04] For me, yeah, permissions on the event itself, like maybe there's event owners and then there's event sort of like hosts perhaps like there's owners hosts and then attendees Maybe and so like if we have a static account type across the entire platform We could yeah, put it out that way So I'm gonna be like a whiteboard Yeah, we would be really I said, we had a wide board Just just so I have some picture of what we're trying to do. Yeah, maybe I can start Just drawing something maybe you can do it in like teal draw That's what I was thinking. Yeah, let me pull that up
[04:56:35] Awesome. I'm going to say to build out some prototypes of features we'll need in our platform. For example, and help me brainstorm what we all need. Users should be able to create their own event, event,
[04:57:14] a date list of what we'll need signups I guess, a time venue staff, what else do you need to run an event? I guess we'll also need some like, I think there's a sign.
[04:57:51] And then some OE user to collecting, or maybe not collecting, but we need to integrate with a bunch of things, right? Just venues alone, for example, we mean some kind of map creation.
[04:58:21] Like where basically routing and how you get to the venue. I'm just thinking, do we help our users do market research as well? So if we had a maps or something like that, like a database where we have location data, then you can start thinking about places you want to host your pop-up. How do you like to build? This is like genuinely questions. Do you like to try and think about bigger features like this,
[04:58:53] or is it more like a tracer, an MVP approach where we're like, let's just literally be able to fill out all the details into end. Yeah, I kind of want to do a very scrappy prototype first, but I want to know maybe what's the hero use case. Sure. Let's say user flow. Yeah, I think the hero use case is that we have a person or group of people that want to create a pop-up. And it's a restaurant pop-up, right? They want to find a restaurant they can work with, they can serve food and throw an event for their community. And they want to manage the entirety of that pop-up operations through this platform or through the service, right?
[04:59:28] So basically they need to find a location, they need to hire staff, they need to coordinate a menu, let's say food and drink. They need to have an event plan. Like maybe they want to build a run of show or kind of how the actual event will run, like a schedule for it. And then I think they also want to be able to invite people and then do all of the attendee management. Maybe it's ticketed, maybe it's not ticketed at all of that. Does that sound right? Yeah, one thing I'm sorry to worry about is there's a lot of scope here.
[04:59:59] Yeah.
 because each one of these could even be a product in itself. So I wonder if we can get, can I get really crisper on the core flow? What's the absolute minimum? So it means like, okay, name of event, date time, like time picker. And then, I mean, really, it's casual. I mean, all you really need is, I guess, a start time and an end time for the event because you might want to book tables or something like that.
[05:00:30] So it's like name time and then cool, that's it for the event. Like I don't really think you need anything else on your event. And then you might need to know like, is like what type of pop up is it? Like do you need time slots? Or do you need like do we need to book 30 minute time slots? Do we need to book like hour long time slots? Or do you just book like people can attend this event? Right. I wonder if we should also try to like dog food it while we build it. Because we are so we're we also trying to run around. So I wonder if we can build these tools as we do that.
[05:01:06] Yeah, rather than maybe we focus on running the pop up first. Yeah, because I'm wondering if like right now I almost feel like there's so many things to build. I don't know which one to start. Maybe we just start running the pop up. Yeah, should we start like reaching out to people and then we build tools to help you do that. Yeah. And over time we incorporate that into the platform. So reaching out to people is probably like, hey, I need a bot to do that. is the first step to get a venue or what do we need? We need a bot to make a menu. Or rather, the restaurant tour makes the menu.
[05:01:37] We need to find the restaurant tour. We need to find people. And then we need a people to book.. But we're blocked on the booking by this website. So the website has to collect emails. You said it already collects emails. But we're not advertising any details about when this thing is happening. So get the landing page done. Yeah, so we're collecting emails, which is good. And then basically, we need to start canvassing or doing research on restaurants in San Francisco that could possibly accept these reservations, right?
[05:02:08] And then I think the other thing that we'd wanna do, yes, is start to, the other thing we don't wanna do is start to work with, maybe Twitter can help us, like maybe we create a Twitter account that deal with and tweet out, like if you're a restaurant owner in San Francisco or if you're a chef in the Bay Area and you wanna host an event like this, We can try to get some reach out to people as well. I think we can just reach out to people. So that's like a market research or a sub-serve bot, not market research bot, but just like an outreach bot. So I'll have Dr. Eggbot start to spin some of these things up
[05:02:40] as well. But how can we search is like, what do you think is the best use of time for like you, you know, is the engineer like building stuff out? I mean, all of this can build inside. I don't think I need to be the blocker there. OK, cool. I think the key thing to nail is just like, what are we building?
[05:03:11] First. And then my thought on that, again, is like, let's try to ground it in our own search for running the prototype. And that will actually inform us what we need to build. Rather than, you know, me just try to imagine what you might need. I think we need to, this is almost like how I write agent skills, too. I do it work manually first before I automate it. And so I think we shouldn't skip that step,
[05:03:41] because what Cody was saying, we're not really domain experts yet on running a pop-up. So I think we need to do that first. We can definitely rush into building things, but I don't even know if that's going to be very effective. So I almost imagine what if we just start cold calling a bunch of people. Matt, you had this really great video that you shared recently about connecting Graf bot to like a voice agent to make calls. I wonder if you could just like,
[05:04:11] without scam people, but maybe not even automate the thing, but just find us some phone numbers and get dialed the numbers and get on the line and then you take over. Yeah, so I mean, I can have a bot that does research like we can try and get phone calls for restaurants or people that could do this. Right, I think there are probably groups that we should call and talk to them about hosting a pop up or emails that we need to send. So I'm gonna get email wired up right now. So we're gonna have to gonaverselt and do the DNS thing with our...
[05:04:42] Sure, sure, sure. We have a domain. Yeah, we're shipped by Thursday. Yeah, I think you know, Gropbash, you're gonna set up the settings. So we can just forward it to another email. Or should we sign up for a Google workspace? I feel like we could use something like an agent mail. Well, I think the main thing is we just have to have emails coming from us that sound like Matt Palmer, not like a crazy. But we all have personal emails, right? So like I think the deck would be all right. So OK, take a step back. We're going to get the DNS setup so we can start to do some
[05:05:13] of that stuff. And then I'm going to go use a Grakwat to do research on finding people that we can reach out to. So I'll tell Dr. Eggbot. I need a new Grakwat for doing research on finding restaurant tours or businesses that could help us host our pop up. So let's just think logistically end to end. I think the first thing we need is perhaps a service that can make food. And then the second thing is a location. If we knew those two things, we could just get people once we have a date. So the really, the four things are first,
[05:05:45] people to help us second a date and then third a location. I think it might work best to start with a date. Because if we have a date, then we can call people and say we're doing this thing on this day and we need your help. So maybe if we're being conservative, what do you think, like a month in advance, say October 15th or something? Yeah, I think that's a good story. Okay, so we'll start with October 15th. That'll ground our comms. Take note of this in notion because this is like kind of the business plan. And then from there, what we're gonna work towards is finding all of the types of people in San Francisco
[05:06:16] in the Bay Area that could put on this sort of event, whether that's a restaurant tour or a catering company. I'm gonna connect Google Drive and we'll just make a list of that or actually you could make a new page in notion, we'll do that there. And then on top of that, what I want to do is I want to work on researching the locations. But let's start with that for now and dispatch bots as necessary so that we can start working on this in parallel. So we're showing Lauren's screen right now just to keep things simple.
[05:06:50] But on my end, I asked Dr. Eggbot basically to spin up some parallel, getting to, like it seems like my body is having trouble accessing the actual repositories. Have you noticed anything with like flaganess air if I need to like restart? Okay. Cool. I'll try to read it. We just try to read off. Yeah. I'll try to read off. Sometimes, yeah. It can also sometimes help them spell the Galaxy L.I. on computer. Sure, sure, to use that. And it'll, um, I think I might use the wrong connector. That's probably it.
[05:07:21] our first feature will be to help Matt. So for context Steve, what we're going to try to do with our startup idea here is we're going to try to build out the platform through dogfooding, meaning that we will actually do the work of getting this popup setup and then building tools that make that easier. So we can actually dog food the experience of using our tools ourselves
[05:07:53] and only build it when we feel like it's good. So I feel like the first part of this top up is we probably want to start with just maybe the location. So I want you to help me using potato mode and I guess maybe ask Tater to spawn a cloud agent to do this. But I want to create a bunch of prototypes for a tool that helps us find restaurants.
[05:08:26] And the tool should make it really easy for us to make phone calls. Maybe we want to do some slew thing as well of maybe on LinkedIn or something. I don't know how to search for that. But some way to actually look up the people behind the restaurants so we can get in touch with the manager or someone like that and figure out if they'd be willing to work with us. So basically, it's like a tool to, I imagine, something like a map on the screen
[05:08:57] and like a search function that you can kind of search for things by cuisine or the location and very quickly make phone calls. So this doesn't need to look very good. It's just like a little tool for us right now. Can you build these prototypes for us? Man, these prompts are super long.
[05:09:28] It's two minutes of me talking. And now as usual, I'm going to say, restate in your own words before executing. I wonder if there's a quick way to try and prototype the call the business idea. How did you do the phone number thing? I use the bland MCP for a business idea call thing, but it seems like potatoes on it. And then also rather than while you guys are trying
[05:09:59] to build this out, I actually just pulled some different like kitchen productions in Grock Watts. I have like 15 restaurants that the the dookators that are good at like cooking stuff. And so we have basically like short list of places I can call. We can start to look for actual locations, which I also have my bots doing. And then also wiring up email simultaneously. Yeah. I guess we'll need to figure out how to get a Google Maps
[05:10:31] key. Just for me, you can help us. Yeah, let me see if I can find out. And you're thinking mostly so we can show location information in the UI. That's what I'm imagining is a tool. Because I just imagine you're starting a problem. One of the most important things is location. So you want to be able to quickly find good places.
[05:11:02] And it'd be nice if we could do this on the platform. So then it's hooked up to all of our different pieces. So I don't know. Maybe OpenTreatMap could be another good free. Is that free alternative? Yeah, I think it is. Maybe we could start with that. I think it's a little easier to get a key. Do you want to ask an agent to that or do you? Yeah, I'll do that. OK, cool. I can think of this as well. It also might be cool. Should we try and build a place's directory? Like we could look at various like place or location
[05:11:36] marketplaces and locations. Yeah, like that are good. Good pop ups. And happy like we could eventually build a place that we know are good. And then once you host an event there, you could rate it or something. And we could build a little bit of like that later on. Sure. OK, I'm going to like try to pack this up real fast. And then Matt, you can tell me if it's helpful or not. Yeah, in the meantime, I'm just like finding some places that maybe I'll start calling and we can just see if we can maybe do it in the manual way.
[05:12:07] And then I'll say, how are we going to do off? I don't want to worry about that yet. But maybe we need to. I think we do need to do that. I do want to lock this admin dashboard. So it's just only accessible by Matt. Cool. Yeah, so what I'm doing is rather than going to software approach, while we're working on that, I'm actually taking the bot approach. So what I'm working on is can I just get a bot that goes and finds 20 businesses and then gets their emails and their phone numbers.
[05:12:38] So I'll have those and then we can start reaching out to them manually. These I think, like finding a caterer that's maybe available for an event in a month, that seems feasible to me. Finding a location might be a little bit harder. So find a caterer or find a location and then I'm also working on getting our email configured so we can hook up some easy signups to our website. I could just start like a work OS account or something If we want to do that, we're just going to sign in. But I get help make it simple.
[05:13:08] That works. And although not everyone is going to want a restaurant, maybe has a good up account. But maybe we could do sign in with Google. You want to build your own OAuth management, I think. No, no, we're going to use it like Clorq. OK, yeah, make sure. Yeah. Do we need a Clorq account? I guess, yeah, we do. Is work OS easier? Clorq works, yeah, I think either one. Yeah, it's something that's a little bit slow. Which is just like cheaper. Looks like Clark has a nice hobby to hear. And only the three of us should be able to have.
[05:13:41] And Clark has an MTP. So it looks like it'll kind of make this very age forward. Yeah. I'll just start building on Clark, and then we can adjust that if we need to. I think Versel also has a thing where you can do my very simple really. Actually, let me just add to my mom. My mom. My mom. They do have this. Yeah. Yeah, there's a sample option.
[05:14:12] I allow team members to lock in with an identity provider. Yeah, but then we need like yeah, we can turn that off. Yeah, is that what we need? I think we got this what we need, right? Yeah, just trying to keep it like super scrappy right now. Yeah, it's just like, I don't even know if this prototype is going to be any good. So I don't want to like overbuild it. Let's see. I mean, so this is going to be just dumb off. Maybe we can just do it for, yeah, we
[05:14:46] can just use versatile deployment protection, I think, for the prototype. Yeah, let's just do that. cool. While you guys are working on that, I'm going to just see if we can create some interesting collateral here. So I'm going to share some. I'm going to spin up a bot that just looks for maybe the most common 50 street corners
[05:15:16] in SF where we can go advertise this and maybe like talk to my design bot to make some flat. So we can put up or something like that. I do some grill and marketing maybe. Let's do it. Let's see if we can come up with. On the meantime, I'm still cooking on the landing page. So we're polishing that up a little bit. Lots of API key creation. Yeah, that's the environment setup.
[05:15:48] Yep. I mean, good call out, right? I think a lot of people are always like, oh, how do I automate this? You know, how do I? You're like, there's some things that are still kind of manual, which is like, you know, you have to go create an API key and we're working on getting to the point where the name that's not manual. But yeah, there's a lot of work behind the scenes. Okay, in the parallel, we have our verification PR, PR up. up and I'm just gonna actually read it for now.
[05:16:18] It was good. Our virtual. And here people shuffling in. We must be getting close to our next session.
[05:16:50] Update, use, progress, or whatever. They're like your bots are posting a notion because it's helping my bots get context on the business. Oh my gosh, I should make sure. It's our source of truth to see what's going on. Okay, okay, okay. Why just started and you bot and it was like, We're going to go out to October 15th, right? And I feel like never should have. OK, now I'm going to have my doctor egg bot. We're going to create a, what do you call someone that just works on? What do you call on someone that would just work on documentation?
[05:17:22] Who's documenting the process? Technical writer. OK, create a technical. Or a knowledge base or something like that. Knowledge base person. What would the bot do? It's going to groom notion for us. And just keep track of what we're working on. Create knowledge base manager. The job of this bot is to watch all the other conversations with my box, but not do anything unless it's specifically called on actually. You should wait for messages to come to you with an knowledge-based manager. And then we want to update notion selectively. We don't want to dump all the information in there.
[05:17:53] So check with me first. And I'll use the key to keep notion up to date. OK, cool. So my knowledge-based manager is going to keep notion up to date. Cool. I don't know about work. Do we have a design system we've established yet? No, but I'm working on getting something live. It's hella minimalist. Oh, I kind of like that. It's like nothing. If you go to, oh, it's not deployed yet. I'll slack you. Lauren. Maybe it's a green chart or something. Yeah. I mean, there's a bunch of really good component libraries
[05:18:25] we can just use. It'd be cool to like, pick a design system, because I want to try to make some flyers. It'd be nice if we could. Yeah, I mean, yeah. We don't even know what our design is building in on. Yeah. I think we should just do. I'll just riff on it. We can do like, base UI or something. And then just like, they'll stuff out. But it'll be pretty. I think at this point, yeah, we're so early in the stage of that. I wouldn't worry about it. It's not going to look cool. I'll actually, yeah, I'll make some changes here. Don't worry. OK. If you are just joining us, we are working
[05:18:56] on building our pop-up business in San Francisco. Our pop-up business is going to, yeah, we're going to run a pop-up. We think it's going to be a food pop-up. We've been riffing on ideas throughout the morning. We have several teams of bots that are currently cooking on everything from a design system to a landing page to building some architecture. We're trying to really focus on a way to validate the solution pretty quickly. I'm working on some grill or marketing with the marketing bot. And yeah, where we are? Yeah. I'm doing some website design.
[05:19:28] I did a little bit of, collected some businesses. I might call in my free time, but we've got to get a lander up that we can send you all. So our goal is to just get our lander up and also start documenting what we're doing. And so yeah, we're just really spitting tools up as we go here. Lauren is mostly on the engineering side building up some tooling. And I'm working on just kind of like the ad hoc side getting things, getting things stood up. Cool. So you do have design systems. Stop me. We could also put that in notion at some point too.
[05:19:58] But yeah, we'll poke up there. Maybe the repo might be the source of truth if it's just a- Yeah, that's right. Have a design system in the monorepo. I was thinking I want to set up some lint rules. Although I don't know that a bit too early, But I want to start thinking about the code quality. I'm torn because it's just a prototype,
[05:20:29] so I don't think it's worth adding. If normally it sounds like that's something you'd think about upfront, but maybe in this case, we're just trying to move around. Yeah, because it doesn't hurt from the add it later and refactor things. It's easier to do that than to try to, because I think the challenge always with engineering is especially in a startup setting, is like you can try to predict an over-engineer things that you might need. But then it ends up that you actually don't need it. Or maybe we figure out, knock on wood,
[05:21:01] we figure out this time is not even good. And then we pivot. So I don't know if we want to, like, I could say, talk about over-cooking. So I'm trying to strike a good balance. I don't really know if we need that right now, But maybe tomorrow, we definitely want to start looking at, especially once the PRs start coming in. I'll start looking and reviewing the code and seeing where agents are making mistakes. And something I talk about a lot on X
[05:21:33] is this idea that your code base is a form of memory. So how you design your code base in terms of your architecture, the constraints that you impose with your text that go a long way in helping your agents to be just smarter by default. I'm even tempted. I don't know if we want to overdo this. Maybe it might be fun to do it. It's like, we just try to pick the strictest text
[05:22:03] that's possible. Maybe we write everything in Rust. Should we do it? There's nothing that exists. Should we do it all in Rust? Maybe not the restaurant, five years. Maybe not the store. Not the landing page. The UI might be, I mean, there are ways to put it in Rust. But I don't want to paint. But I think certainly for some backend pieces, maybe we could use Rusts or even Go, I guess. Hey, I'm relying on my CTO, my CTO. Yeah, I mean, we do have some TypeScript already.
[05:22:35] I think agents love TypeScript. I want to see if we can, I actually don't like Go as a GoLank to write. I think it's actually a great language for agents. Rast is also good, of course. But then the compile times are really slow, and I don't want to slow us down too much. All right. So let me just do some research, as well. My bot is asking for what our flyer headline should be. So I'm going to get some crowdsource opinions here. Should it be A, one night, October 15th,
[05:23:06] two, SF-Papa, October 15th? Three, dinner finds you, or D. I'll write my own. D. I'll write my own. I think we need to start from what people want. Like, what are we selling? I think it's easy to get carried away with the features. Nobody cares about our pop-up yet. We need to make them care about our pop-up. So what is unique about this pop-up? I think what's unique is that we're doing it live in real time. This is a new experience.
[05:23:38] You get to be a part of something that we're creating with AI. But nobody really cares also that we're telling them that we're making with AI honestly. Nobody wants to hear that. So my thing would be, how do we make people feel like like they're trying something new? Maybe like headline, when was the last, this is it I can't, but there you are. I was like, when was the last time you did something for the first time? I'm a total, you know, it's the average that you're saying that, but maybe like, when was the last time you were spontaneous, right? Like headline, like when did you last try something new?
[05:24:08] And I feel like that would get people's attention. And then follow up, now's your opportunity, unique restaurant pop up coming in San Francisco. Is that like it makes sense? I love it. It's interesting. Like really try to evoke emotion with like, oh, you know what, my life is boring. Yeah, I like it. By the way, I also got initial pass of the maps of the street corners if you're gonna pull up Slack for a second. Should we make the pop up drop bot theme? Oh, or have some, I don't know, it could be interesting
[05:24:40] to have some secret drop bot merch that will drop at this thing. And maybe that's something we'll be building the platform as well as like, I guess you have incentives for people to show up. Like, because I think part of the appeal of the pop-up to me is like the time factor and also it's like exclusivity, right? The whole point of it being cool that it's a pop-up is that it's a one time one day. Yeah. Right? So it's, there's like this element of, there's like time, right? There's something in limited supply.
[05:25:12] Yeah. Yeah. I'm kind of like thinking that they like could we think of unique things that we need to want to like bring to the pop-up to make it feel like Personally, I would love some cool graph bot merch. Yeah Okay, so merch. Yeah, I think like cool I mean yeah, like on a platform people could bring could tie that in with some other limited edition things. Yeah, and that could also drive a lot of traffic. I love yeah pop-up. I love like You know like social games or kind of just like I think there's so many unique and personal interactions that you can get out of an event
[05:25:43] like this when you bring people together. And I'm trying to think of this as a way we could, you know, even create some excitement ahead of time. You know, you're going to participate in a bit of an experience or a bit of a game, something like that maybe when you're on site. I kind of tease that. So I don't, I can play with that idea a little bit. Okay, sick. Makes sense. I like that a lot. I'm still wiring up some keys here. So cool. Before I get completely distracted, what do I want to do? We're over here brainstorming. I'm over here. So it's insane. I'm like, I just forgot what this key is for.
[05:26:14] Cool. I think I have at least an early pass of our flyer marketing campaign guys. I'm excited for you to take a look when you're ready. Okay. I made a marketing channel on Slack Forest by the way. I was like, I got the thing. We need some work of this action. Right. You know, I'm just going to stick with TypeScript. I don't want to waste time. Do we have a video of the venue of finder working?
[05:26:51] I don't love the flyer attempts yet. So let's get the video and I'll share it in Slack and you can see you can tell me whether
[05:27:23] you love it or hate it. Okay. But that's something I really love about flat agents is that they produce, they can just produce videos for you. It's so cool. Yeah. And they both look automatically too, right? Not automatically but you can tell it to. Oh right. Yeah. They do, if they do create a video, they do post it in the, they include it in the PR description. Yeah. nice because then you can just review and you can get like a really nice, let me see if it included. I didn't include it here so I might need to tell it. And also I think our
[05:27:55] verification skill hasn't told it to actually use this. I'll include videos. So I'm going to say like let's update our verification skill to be always applied. You know this is So I'm going to use a full location, where agents should always include a visual impact.
[05:28:39] For backend changes we still want to verify however. Sweet. On my end I got domain verification hooked up on Resend. So that'll be nice for checking DNS. Make some emails, get in stuff, get in stuff, shift down here. You're showing the flow. Do you want to see some of the designs I started cooking? I don't know if I love this yet. Or just. But this is cool. Yeah, I like that. Yeah, maybe I like that designs.
[05:29:12] I really buy it's more minimalist. So we might be able to do just work on the flyer. And then once I have this done, you can just be like, yo, pull the design from the repo. So use the repo as the source of truth for the code. Is that already checked in? No. OK. I am my very minimalist situation here is going to go live. Awesome. I just have to all of some get-hub CLI stuff because I'm still having some weird issues. I'm going to enter device code.
[05:29:51] Wow, this prototype is really prototype. It's just vanilla HTML and JavaScript.
 As fine, we can refactor. Important thing is to keep moving to iterate. So let's just get it up and running first. I agree. Where do we think we're going to land by like 2.30? I think the next talk is at 2.30. This is a good call. Yeah, I think we're just kind of sprinting through some of these,
[05:30:21] some of these kind of tasks. It's mostly for me connecting things. I'm still getting a little set up and then we're going to iterate on the design. And I think I might try like a manual, maybe by this talk. a manual like ham and a call some people lower off camera and just see like how hard it is to book some of these things. Yeah, that might be enough. That also might inform what we need to automate a little bit. Well, I already have my prototype being built. So maybe you can try that later. Oh, okay. And we can see and we can iterate if it's not good. So you can tell me what to fix. Cool. And I'm going to try and get at least like a bear the bones of a marketing plan and like a real marketing campaign setup.
[05:30:55] Cool. And some flyers and designs and stuff too. Well, so we might have to you're saying we might have to hire some people to put up flyers? I think that sounds great. I can't go to the top of the HavvonMtp. I actually know some people, so I'm like, I can go for it better. Does Matt have an impact? Does Matt have an impact? Does Matt have an impact? I wonder if we want to think about the limited edition thing that we show in addition to the business. Oh, and the experiential parts of the... Yeah. Yeah, I can work on that too, and coming up with the experiential thing. I actually was working with the MarketingBot. We have a marketing section in Notion now. With all the ideas we can consider, so merch is another one of those, right? Yeah, sounds good.
[05:31:52] What else can I do to unblock? Can you talk to me through what you'll be thinking about when you're looking for venues? What's important to you? Yeah, so when I run an event, really what is an event, but an event is making people feel a certain way. So you want to think about all the things you can control into that experience. It's like, okay, I've got to find a venue that can accommodate our guests.
[05:32:25] So we'd start, I think, how many guests do we want to have? I think 100 maybe, just sounds like a good spot to start. It's also like a nice round number. who we get a hundred people together in San Francisco. And the space should both accommodate those people, and then also kind of allow us to control the environment and the experience. That's a good point, yeah. I know places, we should start maybe with human knowledge. In my neighborhood, the Pearl, really great spot for our hosting events. I live in Portrero Hill Dog Patch Area. Dog Patch Studios is also a really great event space.
[05:32:56] And so what I would do is I would pattern match like I've walked around these places in my neighborhood. Can I find places that look similar to these venues? And what I notice is that some of my bots even kind of recommended, hey, you should look at these venues. So based on that, I might be able to kind of like bootstrap a skill or some sort of context that my bots can start to use. OK, that helps. Is that yeah? Cool. A lot of context. I guess budgets also, like, the port. Budget isn't important. We haven't talked about it. I guess we won't know until we make it the call, right? We do not know. I know.
[05:33:26] I can use a market research on this too, and just get a feel for like the cost. I'm putting all this stuff in Notion, so I have my host finder, awesome dumping all the research in Notion, and I'm also looking at permits. Oh, nice. Okay. And so permitting, it seems like the hardest part would be getting some street closures. And if we want to sell alcohol, which I mean, I didn't say it was that much of a party, but maybe it's not. It sounds like we might be looking like several weeks to a month in advance. So I think a month out is potentially tight,
[05:33:59] but I think we could do it. So maybe as we start to evaluate dates, we think, okay, do we push this six weeks out, right? So we have time for some of these permits. Because even like I'm looking up here is like Fort Mason, another really great venue to host events. The initial review takes four to 15 business days and a construction to weeks. So like, I mean, that's like a public for Mason's own by the park service. Right. But that's like a good, like bar. Something that's occurred to me. Yeah. like kind of an opt thing, but I guess now I'm actually thinking about the notion use case
[05:34:31] that's actually useful. You have your writer bot. Because I'm thinking like, there's so much context that we are sharing right now. It's kind of just going over our voices. Should we be recording this? Yeah, I don't know. I would love for it to just go into our company notion. And so that I can just point my bots to them and just say, here's all the things that Matt sorry looked at. Okay, it's like, yeah, there's a brainstorming meeting and then you can't really get all of it. It's a really good input for engineering too.
[05:35:02] So I can, you know, rather than need just interrupting you all the time, if you have that document somewhere. Okay, what I'll do is I'm gonna tell my knowledge based manager every of five minutes, ping the active bots extract. Dump all the most important details and drop it in notion. So I'm just setting up a job. I think that the struggle here is going to be making sure we don't get a ton of spam in notion, but we'll try and keep it.
[05:35:33] Yeah, it's like, I'm going to get log on most. Okay, cool. And I'm going to talk to the host finder, and I'll say what I just said. So I think the most important thing when finding a venue is to start from what we know. Try to pattern match on high quality and then work backwards. So for example, I know that the pearl is an awesome place. I know that DogCratch Studios is awesome, and you've recommended those. I would avoid government-run or MPS facilities because we're going to need a month. So maybe start from things similar to the Proler Dog Patch Studios based on what I know from my neighborhood.
[05:36:05] And then we can try to find venues with caterer or venue that has an alcohol license. Because what I see, my agent's recommending me right now is we can't get the alcohol license. We should push the caterer or the vendor to do that. And then we don't have to worry about it. And then based on some of these other considerations, maybe we can also start to thin out basically all the logistics that we need to work through and focus. Cool.
[05:36:38] Okay Matt, we never got your what you wish you could bring to the event. What I wish I could bring to the event. So we have experiential games, we have merch, we have to finish the trifecta, what's your answer? I mean we gotta have just good food, like I mean that's, like I'm working on the restaurant. Limit addition food. Oh yeah, so yeah. I mean it is limited edition because it only happens once, so right? I think the menu is really important. So maybe we have a GROC bot that can, I want to leave the creative freedom up to the restaurant
[05:37:09] tour, but maybe we can design some cocktails or design some fun menu elements or something that they could build in. So we can work on the menu. Cool. I just recorded that and got it to a box. I'm being recorded. I love it. Let's spin up a menu bot.
[05:37:47] On the worst of it video, how is this page up?
[05:38:27] I might actually run with that menu idea a little bit. All right, since I'm apparently the Geoscraper guy, I'm first to reach three corners, I think I'm now gonna just ping a bunch of, like search for a bunch of menu concepts and see what we can do. Thank you. I'll go what I'm doing.
[05:39:03] Any idea? Cool, so I'm asking bot to kind of go through the internet, like go through Yelp and a few other spots to look for top rated items from other restaurants. And so I might give us some inspiration here. Are we also set on the restaurant as the concept? Could it be, I think, or almost going generic pop up at the time, right? Because I guess one conversation of the restaurant is like you did that with chefs.
[05:39:35] You got some of staff. Or a kidder, I think a kidder in company would handle that, but that is quite complicated to your point. But if you're thinking, like, I mean, if we could be like our exhibition, I don't know, it could be. Our exhibition sounds interesting. Because yeah, we could crowdsource. Are no crowds as artists? Is there something? Actually kind of cool. The art exhibition would be interesting. We made some drop in the page. And we can sell more than 100 tickets. We can get people to submit art and build the software. We could have our bots review the art. Maybe I like this. I like this.
[05:40:06] Because I'm just writing, maybe the finding a restaurant is hard and there's all the food stuff. There's a lot of food. Maybe it's a full weekend. Licensing. We need licensing as well. We need licensing. That's what I was just discussing with the bot. So I'm actually fine, I think pivoting. Well, let's try to lock it if we're going to pivot on the idea, like let's confirm, we're just going to call it what it is. I think I like an art exhibition. And then we source local artists, and then maybe there's a way that they can show off their art. But then we have to think about the difference with a restaurant tour.
[05:40:36] We just pay the restaurant tour, and then we collect money from people. Now we're paying dozens of artists to do a gallery or something. Well, maybe instead of paying them, we're creating an exhibition space, and then we're We're also doing some community art submissions where folks can submit art that they've created. A lot of what I would really love to see is since we are doing Graftbot stuff, a lot of people really love the Graftbot avatars, the shapes and all that really fun. We could have artists that make art about paintings or something about Graftbot and feature
[05:41:12] them. And then we could even make an interactive, like on the website, like an interactive. Yeah, exactly. Help them to friends and you can explore the art gallery digitally and then come and see it in person. Make it see the real thing. That would be interesting. I think that sounds really interesting. At least it removes the hurdle of licensing. I feel like that's going to be by this. I really like food and liquor, licensing. Yeah, well, so to be clear, we just find a caterer that has this thing. I think all we'd really need is if that insurance and then you just work with the venue and then we're good.
[05:41:43] good. So I think we can figure that part out. Or we can, you know, call one of our friends and get some advice. Yep. Absolutely. Good. Okay. I'm gonna have to leave you guys now. So it turns out the next talk is one that I'm presenting. Oh my goodness. So I'm gonna jump down and get prepped for GROC. For PM. That's like, we'll like walk through some of this stuff live. But I feel like I like where this, this, this awesome idea session sounds great. Roshan. Thanks for, thanks for building with those and good luck, dude. I knew you've already done a lot of fucking stuff. I'm excited for it. I'm so glad. It's kind of crazy how much stuff we're doing live in this space.
[05:42:14] There's like the stage downstairs. Is this space upstairs? There's like meetings back there that we keep here. Yeah, it's a fun vibe. Yeah, we're physically in San Francisco doing stuff and there are things happening. Yeah, all around. All right, man. Well, you just take off when we need to go. Sounds good. I will see you guys very soon. All right, man. Good luck. Hmm. So we can find venues for different types of stuff.
[05:42:55] for now the only height and search for our, I guess the nice thing about an art exhibition as well is like any space would do right? Well so like again those venues that I mentioned that I've seen in real life, like you took a look like they're very flexible and you actually kind of want more of like a warehouse space. Mixed new spaces I guess? Yes, they're really just a big open space I think. Right. Okay, so I'm just telling Steve about our change of Flynn.
[05:43:34] Cool. I'm still going to work on the venue finder and then get it over to you. Sweet. And he can give me feedback. Cool. Yeah, and I'm just running on the, right now I'm working on the UI. So I'll have like, the ship by Thursday will not look like a horrible neon mess. A horrible AI-snuff mess. Well, we will have some space like the AI employees, really cracked engineers, who are really good at design. We'll come and help us. I'm not too worried about that. As long as it's not like, you know, to... Rather than be a terrible... Is it in-term or have something that looks...
[05:44:04] I'll just go over to the kitchen. So... Okay. We have some PRs up that I need to review. PRs are stacking up. Okay, nice. Our verification skill is a bit more generic, yeah?
[05:44:40] So that's PR-16. PR-16 has been... that we found, we can't wait. And then PR14, I guess we're still waiting on the videos. What is PR13?
[05:45:13] I already have 13 PRs. Look at that. We have so many PRs. Where are these coming from? Oh, these are all OK. I see. There's a bunch of different prototype studies opening. I have a knowledge. I asked it to make some prototypes. So it's going to open up a bunch of PRs. I have a knowledge-based bot that's updating our Slack and like putting in all these different things. Is it saying anything? Have you got a marketing channel? Oh my gosh.
[05:45:45] That's the top 50 flyer corners. We are changing to consider doing an art pop up rather than some sort of dining experience. We're changing to have an art pop up rather than some sort of dining experience. I do like some of the top ones there, but really I think we should sort of optimize now for just the large warehouse space.
[05:46:17] And I think actually part of what I'm doing, the research could be good for your tool. Because if your tool tells me the same things that I'm already coming to myself, that's how we can know that it's working. Yeah, part of me wondered is if the tool could just be a search. Maybe I don't know if we really need to build that. I think the search part, we don't really
[05:46:48] need to reinvent the wheel there. We can just use Google Maps APIs for that. But we can add layers on top to find filter more by more specific criteria, like the venue size and all that that's probably not available on Google Maps. Which also means we might need to actually collect information. So one thing I actually will be interesting as you make your calls is if there's a way to do some data entry after, once you get the details.
[05:47:19] Like CRM type situation. Kind of like. So we have future in the venue finder get smarter as you use it, as we have we'll have information about venue and I don't know, keep our call. Yeah, I might have to say that I'm manually, I have to check on call a little bit. Yeah, yeah, together manually for now and then I'll try and see if we can kind of hook that up. Okay cool, the docs are updating docs. It's my, my job now. My job now is updating docs. Who knew? It all ends with docs. So my factory, mini factories going at least
[05:47:56] I got my engineer bot working and my verify bot, very busy reviewing PRs. They're missing videos and screenshots which I want so I can actually see what they built. So we're going to have Steve drive this to completion. Still reading on I think recent is we have email technically. So we're going to be able to send email from like hello at Trip by Thursday when you sign
[05:48:30] up on the wait list, at least like some sort of confirmation email and then everything still get routed into your database. So that'll be nice. Just updating some of the copy. We can merge that in soon.
[05:49:35] So it looks like we have about three, four minutes left. Oh, we'll call yeah. We'll probably want to give a shout out for the graph bot challenge again. Yeah. Totally. transition to the next talk. Do you want to give a shout out for the graph bot challenge? Sure, if I remember. The graph bot galaxy challenge. Is that on the VP of the paper there? I mean, no, but I remember what the Grock about Galaxy is. Maybe you should do it because I'll be recording. I'll be recording. I think he's like, say it wrongly. The livestream challenge, which is that if you can,
[05:50:07] can you pull actually up the challenge on X stuff? Oh yeah, sure. If you pull that up, so our folks can see and probably go to the bot page. Might have some details on there. Oh my gosh, seeing tweets about us. Yeah, if he's cold down, not all the lives came to the look. I think it. Oh no, we're gonna. No, I don't know. Actually, it's a rock. Yeah, it's a rock. So the love stream challenge, submit templates for Grockbot, and we're going to get you and the winner out there, the winner and the partner out to Starbase, Texas
[05:50:39] to see a Starship launch. So you and a plus one most creative template, see some rockets. It's a pretty cool video. Our team makes some pretty cool videos. And yeah, we're going to announce the winner soon. In roughly two and a half minutes, we got Grockbot for product managers with someone who was just right next to me. I don't know how he's doing it. How are we doing? I'm building a business and doing a talk. I have no idea. These are high achiev- you can tell that was it he grew up playing, he said was it Age of Empires?
[05:51:09] Yeah, it is. He's just crushing. Multitasking. Yeah, so, um, we got two minutes and we're gonna head over there. We're just gonna keep hacking. I think Lauren and I got a good approach in the meantime. I use my agent to do it. We have a lot of PR agents.
[05:51:58] Let me group by status. And we have a, that's not good. These all stuck.
[05:52:31] No, I think that's still working. On to the start, thinking ahead. Range is running.
[05:53:02] Thinking we need. Cool, cool. Object. Users can.
[05:53:32] It's been fun. Are we on? Okay, go in. Okay, let's do it. Hello everybody. Welcome to Rockbot for product managers or PMs.
[05:54:08] Very excited to see you all. We got many on the live stream as well. I'm Kevin DeParco from the SpaceX AI product team. Join by and I'm Roshan Sazani also on the SpaceX AI product team. Really excited to be chatting with you all today. Cool. be going through how we have been building Brockbot with Brockbot, some of the tips, the tools, the bots that we have found very useful across our product org. And so I wanted to start sort of with the backdrop, which I think everybody in this room on
[05:54:39] the stream knows if you have been building software, if you're a PM, obviously the craft is changing very rapidly. becomes now very easy to code to build things, to prototype. Way more accessible than it ever has been before. And I like this quote from the HH, the developer's developer, one of the creators of Ruby on Rails, who says software is product management. What should it do? Who should it do it for? How should it do it? How should it look?
[05:55:10] What are the priorities? These are questions that now every product builder, whether you're formally engineer or designer or founder or product manager really has to grapple with as you start to build software for your customers, for your users. Yeah, so with that, we thought we'd spend just a second talking about the motivation behind Rockbot because in some ways, Rockbot is the product we've also made and so there's a story to it having been built just the same way there's a story to every product having been built.
[05:55:41] And I think if you think back to sort of what motivated rock bot in the early early days. It was realizing that at least internally within SpaceX AI, there are so many folks who were starting to evolve beyond a chat box. And I think there's been a lot of discourse about this. Maybe some of you all have felt this or read about it as well. But really it started to feel increasingly that agents weren't quite as home in a chat box as we might have wanted them to be. I think a lot of this was just a natural evolution about how we started interacting with these large language
[05:56:12] models and sort of going from asking for a response and maybe waiting for some text to asking agents to drive outcomes. And so obviously we saw a lot of this outcome-based agentic development happen when it comes to things like coding agents. But as more and more of us internally started thinking about that beyond coding, it felt like the chat box was a little bit limiting. And so we started exploring all kinds of ways that we might want to chat and work with agents and have them complete tasks and have access to systems that really go
[05:56:43] beyond the chat box. And you know, the most common thing that kept coming up in all of these conversations was that we kept sort of treating our agents as if they were colleagues. We wanted to be able to interact with them as if they were sort of these smart colleagues that sat next to us at our desks or were messageable and slack or had access to linear to look at tickets or you know wrote PRDs with us in notion or whatever it is. And so a lot of the motivation behind how broadband was involved and why it is the way it is today is grounded
[05:57:14] in this idea that we should really have these agentic colleagues that we can work with on all the right things we do when we build products. And so that was really the motivation. So really I think there's four things that we kind of took as a brief based on that colleague definition. The first one is that colleagues, when you work with them, often tie multiple tools together. They don't live in one system. They work across many systems. And those systems do different things, right? So you might have a ticketing system. Like I mentioned, linear or ger something like it. You might be using CRM or CRM++, something like Salesforce
[05:57:48] or more. You might be keeping documents in Notion, designs in Vigma. And all these tools are really, really great at what they do. But oftentimes, your colleagues or yourselves are tying things together across them. The other things here that these colleagues often have long running contexts. They learn and they don't just work on a task, eject the task, and then move on. The best colleagues you work with, the best teammates you work with, they learn on the job, right? Maybe they start out with very little company context.
[05:58:20] You teach them some tasks or teach them how to get some work done. They kind of do some work. You give them some feedback, right? That wasn't that great. They hopefully take the feedback and get better at their jobs. We think that model generalizes to agents, too, where agents can really, you know, the way that the models have evolved, get good at learning, as sort of building memory for themselves, at realizing what's important, and at taking and incorporating that kind of feedback. The third thing, and I think this is a really big one, is independence. And I think for a lot of, whoops, you lost the slides. Let's go fix that.
[05:58:51] There we go. For a lot of people we work with, they go execute things independently, right? Once in a while, maybe you'll get asked for, hey, I need some help on blocking a task, or maybe you someone gets stuck on, stuck with access to a system or something like this. But really, the defining property of a colleague that you work with, one of the defining properties is that they can work on their own, they can complete tasks on their own, and they have their own access. And so this is really what motivated the need for GROKBOT to have its own computer. And so we decided GROKBOT should have its own computer
[05:59:21] that I can do things in. And this is true, and this is how the product works today. So if you go in and use GROKBOT, GROKBOT has its own computer, you can kind of help it when it gets stuck on that computer, but it has its own surface where it can create the output that you need to get assisted in your work. And then the last and final thing I'll call out here is messaging. So earlier I mentioned that it felt like we hadn't, we wanted to move beyond the chat box a little bit. But I meant that a little bit tongue in cheek. The chat box that defines how you interact with a large language of model.
[05:59:52] We think that core premise may still have a lot of sense. But where it started to feel a little bit constrained that usually when you're chatting with a colleague.
 like rapid fire messaging, if you're like me and Slack or maybe like us and Slack, you're constantly streaming out messages, you're switching between threads, you're multitasking, and we found that it, you know, rather than having to wait your turn for the next response, that it's a lot more engaging if you can just really jump in, interrupt, drive and interact with agents in this way. And you'll see a little bit of this in a minute. But really, I think those are the four things that we found as we kind of built
[06:00:23] this product and play with it internally that, you know, define how colleagues work. I love those four things. And it's not just like any colleague. It's like really trying to encode the best colleagues that you have worked with. Yeah. They have a ton of contacts about the organization. They understand and can learn on the job. They can move independently, make their own decisions. They're not constantly waiting for you. And so yeah, I think this is like the high level of how we think about what Grockbot is. It's an agent with a computer at the end of the day. And it feels like texting a colleague.
[06:00:55] Exactly. Yeah. And I think there's two things here that if you want to sort of take away with you as to what Rockbot can do is it's these two things on this slide here. It's that we want these Rockbot to be AI teammates that you can give real work to and that come back with results. They don't come back with text or they don't come back with sort of questions that come back with results. And then I think the last thing here is that they really finish jobs. We think that really being able to get the job done is a much more productive way to interact with agents and come back when they need approval. So yeah, I'm curious. How do we use these with products? So we are actually going to see Grocbot in the wild, a real demo of some of the agents that we have built the colleagues that we work with in Grocbot.
[06:01:35] I think there are really sort of three use cases that we're going to see here. The first is what we call the attention list. And so as PMs, we're constantly pulled in a bunch of different directions. Maybe you're working across a bunch of different projects or there's a bunch of context everywhere. very helpful to think about what are you currently paying attention to? What have you been paying attention to this morning, this week, this month, and then really dip that against your priority list and help you understand how the ways in which you're spending your time and where your focus is relative to what needs to get done across the team.
[06:02:10] And we're going to talk about how Brockbot can help you do that as this helpful assistant, this colleague that's always on your shoulder, being able to learn about the ways in which you're working. The next is research and building up customer context. Obviously, this is where a lot of product work goes into doing the research, figuring out what users and customers actually need and want and love, what the biggest bottlenecks are, what issues are they running into? How can you better serve them?
[06:02:41] And so being able to gather up all that context, learn from your users, be able to synthesize data in new ways. GROCKBOT is actually really phenomenal for and we're going to talk about some of the data science and analytics and product use cases that we turned to GROCKBOT for. And then of course shipping, you cannot be a product manager in 2026 if you are not focused on delivering software products to your customers. And so really thinking about how GROKBOT can not only accelerate you as a PM, but also
[06:03:14] the entire team. Yeah. There's a stat on the slide here. GROKBOT represents for us internally a double digit percentage of merged PRs. And I think that's a pretty wild stat. It also within the product organization, empowers all of us as product people to be able to ship PRs into production as well. And so you can just really get a bunch of superpowers when you can set up this in the right way. Very cool. So let us with that meet the Grockbot team that we will be working with today. Some familiar faces and names that we can all learn.
[06:03:45] So first is Korra, Chief of Staff. You can think of this as sort of the person that you turn to have access to your email, has access to your calendar. Maybe listen on Slack for some of the messages that you're sending and really builds up a model of how you as APM actually work. Next is Emily. Emily is an engineering manager. Emily has been coached not to actually do the coding,
[06:04:18] but just to manage a team of engineers that we have given Emily. And so Emily has five different engineering colleagues in Grocbot that she manages. It's very helpful to have Emily as sort of this one contact across the engineering team to be able to give larger chunks of work, have Emily then deconstruct that and delegate that work, actually run the verification loops for the outputs of some of the engineering agents.
[06:04:48] We'll have Ashley the go to for data science, for analytics, for being able to ask and answer data questions. I think as a PM oftentimes throughout the day, there is like a random conversation that sparks an idea that would have previously required you to go write a bunch of SQL and figure out where the trusted data sources are, and very helpful to have somebody that you can just quickly message and get an answer, a chart, a synthesis of the underlying data set that will help inform some of your decisions throughout the day.
[06:05:21] We also have PMP. PMP is a trusted sidekick for the product team, being able to draft up some product requirement docs synthesize some of the customer and user insights and be able to run some of the lower level product work day to day. You want to talk about Pixel? Yeah, Pixel's one of my favorites. Pixel is a designer. And so it has been trained on some of the best advice for how to be a world class AI designer.
[06:05:52] It turns out that there are ways to make AI design look really good if you instruct your agents and bots in the right way. So pixels been loaded with a ton of context and how to be an S tier designer from some of the best and latest thinking on the internet. Amazing. And finally we have Ray who is a recruiter. So anybody who's in product leadership or building out the product function or building out your company. Very helpful to have a colleague that you can turn to on the people and recruiting side of the house.
[06:06:22] To help with some of the sourcing and managing some of the hiring pipeline. And so these are some of the very helpful Groc bot colleagues that we have defined, but it is totally up to you exactly what your team is going to look like. And so throughout the course of this demo, use this as inspiration, use this for ideas. But at the end of the day, you can construct your team, figure out who is most helpful, what are the sets of roles that will be most accelerative for you and your product team. Yeah, definitely.
[06:06:53] And I think to that point, you know, what we've seen a lot of folks do is they create many agents and so I'm to spend a minute just talking about why we think that's effective. One is that I think, you know, while agents might have massive context windows that can store entire novels, our brains, or at least my brain, can't. And so oftentimes we just want to know who to reference and it feels like a really natural pattern to assign roles to these agents that correspond to how you'd interact with colleagues as we've talked about. So having a person who's in charge of data, maybe they do a good job of five data people or assist with five data types of tasks in your organization can be really helpful for you
[06:07:28] in working and working with those agents to know their role. And so I find this really helpful just to know, you know, which bot I want to talk to for a given task. And then sometimes their role is merged and that's okay. We'll show you this, but bots can also talk to each other, which is really cool and that can kind of coordinate in channels and stuff. So we'll show that as an example too. But the other reasons for having more than just one agent is that the bots do perform better. because when they can scope their memory down a little bit more, just going back to the idea of continuous learning and evolution, kind of that learning loop we found functions a lot better
[06:08:00] when a bot is sort of typed or cast into a specific role. And then the final thing is I think it's a little more fun and a little easier to parallelize your work, which you can kind of hand stop off to a bunch of bots. And so one pattern that we see as hunt internally is folks who will like fire off messages to six different bots. You'll see them all spinning and working. And they kind of all go and do some work for you and you kind of come back and synthesize the results. So again, sort of mirroring how you might work with colleagues, let's say we're in a meeting together, we assign a bunch of action items, we go all go off and do that work,
[06:08:30] and then come back together and synthesize a plan. The bots can really mimic that behavior, and I think it's also easier for us as humans to kind of know how we're stirring them when they do that. All right, should we happen to the demo? Let's do it. Okay. I quick show of hands for those in the room. I know those in the stream won't see this. How many of you all have used or have book or a bot installed? 80% of the room. So for the 20% who have not seen it, I'm going to do like a very, very, very quick tour showing you what we just walk through. So this is rock bot. This is the interface. It's a bunch of bots on the left. And you can see we can pin some bots of the top bots up at the top.
[06:09:06] We can group our bots into sections. And so we have a section here for leadership. We have a couple of pin bots. And then we have our engineering team that we just talked about down here. Einstein ego, Nova Larry and Eileen. You can also hide bots or unassign them if you'd like and then there's an entire marketplace where you can connect the tools that you use To these bots to give them those superpowers that we talked about earlier So really the bots we found are incredibly effective when they have access to all the tools that they're working on so in this case We've set up a bunch of tools. We have notions lack You know big ma mcp gmail and a few other things that are that are installed and that s tier design skill that I talked about earlier is also stored here
[06:09:44] So we have that as part of our setup too These bots all function and work as a team. And so earlier I mentioned we had the way ways to group bots together. You can see some examples of that here. We have our end pod here so like you could imagine our engineering team doing a stand up. That's really fun. If you get the bots into a room and have them tell them to do a stand up on a project. We have our EPD teams or engineering product and design team for those of you who are in product organizations. Obviously this is how a lot of them function is with these three roles kind of acting as a as a tramporite.
[06:10:14] And then maybe we have a war room, for example, with a bunch of bots to triage an issue or handle an incident. And you really, the sky's the limit here. These are just some representative examples. So yeah, that's our overall setup. And just to remind you, we have Kora, who's our chief of staff up here, PMP, who's our product assistant, and then Ashley, who's our data scientist. And you can see we have some queries we were running the other day, kind of looking at some of the funnels and data funnels for our product. And maybe a good chance to explain what the product is. So everything you're seeing here is tied to a demo environment we have set up
[06:10:46] for a business called Flylow Airlines. It's an airline, just like, you know, any other airline might be. And so, yeah, we'll be talking about the airline business today. Very good. So everybody in this room on the live stream, you are all now PMs at Flylow, this amazing airline. And why don't we jump into maybe a few questions that we might have about the business. And so we can turn to Ashley, who is our data science colleague here, and we can ask how many people purchased tickets yesterday on mobile versus web.
[06:11:25] I like that. Yeah, I feel like product funnels are such an important part of development, where are our sales coming from? Yeah. And so under the hood Ashley is connected to our data layer and data warehouse. This could be Databricks, snowflake, pick your favorite data warehouse. And what Ashley is going to go off and do is actually go generate these queries, run these queries against that external data store, and come back to us with looks like 1,400 tickets were purchased yesterday.
[06:11:56] So it sounds like we are a small boutique airline here, which is very good. and looks like about 58% were on web and 42% on mobile. And we can see how many families were flying. Typos are okay. Help us visualize these with charts. While that's running, I actually find this as a product toverse product person to be one of my favorite uses of rock bot every day.
[06:12:28] is I now get data queries and charts on demand. We haven't shown this yet and we can, but you can also set up routines with bots. So if you haven't seen that, that's a really helpful thing. I wake up every morning and for those of you who like to monitor your favorite dashboards each morning, usually you're used to opening up a web browser and navigating your dashboards. Maybe you have a bunch of bookmarks you load. This can now all be pushed to you. And so I have many, many daily queries. Perhaps you're in charge of this pipeline at your business. business, you can get these insights pushed you every morning or on demand.
[06:13:00] And so one thing that we've done for really major product launches is actually ask for hourly reports on how things are going live from our data stores. You can truly track the progress of a launch, truly track where people are getting stuck and sort of build these really great experiences out the gate. So it looks like we got some data back. Cool. So this actually has actually generated the charts for us helping us understand the distribution of who's going solo, who's a couple, who's a family, who's flying in groups, and then also helping us understand
[06:13:32] what is this family share of ticket purchases. Looks like 25% of flyers are family. And so yeah, as Rochelle mentioned, we can make this a routine. Send me this as an update every morning at 6am. This can be the first thing in Grockbot that I check, and I can get an updated pulse of these purchase behavior and how many families are flying. Which is kind of cool. Yeah, I like that. Now, I wonder if there's something we could do to make that experience better.
[06:14:03] I don't know. Are there any issues with the product we could try to find? Or if we should look into the, let's scroll up. Let's look at that funnel. Yeah. I did this earlier today kind of just exploring how ticket purchases might be looked like. And so asked Ashley to pull for us kind of what happens for folks who are buying tickets on mobile. So this looks like a pretty classic product. conversion funnel, I think, right? Yeah. Very good. And it looks like there is quite a bit of fall off in this funnel. Yes, but interestingly, it looks like the fall off
[06:14:34] has happening when people pick their seats. Maybe they don't like our seat selections. But this might be an opportunity for us to improve the product. And so as you're working on your own products, one thing that often happens is you see an insight into data. And then you say, well, wait a minute. Like what's actually happening in the product here? What can we do to fix that experience? And so maybe we should write this back. Let's do it. So you can thread in chats. Here we are going to reply to this message that we got yesterday. And we're going to say looks like a big fall off
[06:15:05] when people are choosing seats on mobile. Work with PMP to generate a product spec to optimize our mobile funnel. And as you notice, Kevin here is tagging PMP. So this is where the bots will be able to chat with each other. And you'll see Ashley should fire off a message to Pete. Pete has a lot of product context on our business, understands our customers, understands the previous product decisions that have been made. And so might have some insight as to kind of why this
[06:15:37] is a spot in the funnel. And between the two of them, just like any great product and data science combo, they'll be able to come up with some good ideas here. And it looks like, yeah, maybe should we click into that message? Yeah, before we go there, I do love Ashley corrected us. We were actually wrong in our interpretation of the data. And so it says on mobile purchase funnel, the big leak is actually searched to fair selection, not seat selection. So we had misinterpreted the chart. Luckily Ashley caught our mistake here. And you can see Ashley is sending a message off to PMP
[06:16:12] with some of the insights that she has generated through this investigation. And then the specific ask that they're going to start to coordinate. Yeah. And I see Pete spinning over there. I think doing something cool. Okay, it looks like Pete has a notion PRD with some P0s and P1s. I'll see what came up with. Okay. Very cool. And talk about the skill that BMP is using to generate this PRD.
[06:16:44] Yeah. So PMP has learned that the best PRDs, the best specs are really crisp in their requirements. And that increasingly, they focus less on longevity of the document and more on what helps us get to code and prototyping really quickly, right? We all maybe we've heard a lot about how code is getting cheaper and cheaper each day each day. And so Pete has a bunch of skills that are trained into Pete's context that allow him to in this case really understand the business. And then when we're asking Pete for a PRD specify a really crisp set of P0 P1 and
[06:17:17] P2 requirements. It looks like we got a list. What do we think? It looks like mobile fare results needs a redesign here. Faster compare section or some of the ideas. Honest fare proof on the card. I think one of the important takeaways here is that, you know, we are equipping our colleagues with a bunch of context, but they may not know everything. And it is often very helpful to do a level of human review, layer on your own ideas and insights and iterate with rock bot.
[06:17:50] rockbot as it builds out product. And so this is awesome. We're going to one shot this from here for demo purposes, but there's often a lot more iteration that goes into working with our agents, working with each other to figure out what is the right product shape that we should ship. And obviously, there's a number of different ways you can do that. So one thing I like to do with Notion is just leave comments in Notion. And rockbots can read Notion comments. And so it kind of really does feel like you're interacting with a colleague. You leave some notes here. You say actually, this feels wrong. That number feels off. like tag in the person.
[06:18:21] That works really well with Google Docs and other connectors too. And so yeah, I think the iteration process is also got a lot more fun. But I guess next conventionally, we'd probably start prototyping some of those ideas out, right? So how do you want to do it? Well, maybe we ask Emily. So Emily is our engineering manager and has contacts on our entire engineering team. So maybe one thing we could do is ask Pete to hand the PRD to Emily. And maybe she can ask our engineering team to prototype some of these ideas and see how they do.
[06:18:52] Cool. Should we also get pixel in the mix? Oh, yeah, great plan. And do a little design. That's a good idea. Yeah, yeah. So we should probably get some design for each of our P0s. Cool. OK, so let's send that off. And while that cooks, we'll pull up the virtual machine, which Grockbot has access to. And as we talked about, these are colleagues with the computer. And so it is very helpful to give these agencies, colleagues,
[06:19:25] give GROCBOT its own virtual machine, its own computer in the cloud, where it can actually do work. It can navigate the web. You can log in and it can use your credentials across various services to actually get work done. And the you can see up here, top right, you can see teach it a task. And so you can actually record your workflows directly on this machine and agent can watch and learn and be able to replicate and reproduce the work
[06:19:57] that you are doing. And so we often hear our sales team, our go-to-market team have these very complex Salesforce workflows, these complex processes that need to be replicated again and again and it's very helpful to be able to teach an agent with more than just words or more than just spoken word to actually be able to record the work that you are doing. And the agent actually, every, And so every time it uses one of those tasks, or goes through one of those tasks, also has the ability to refine that skill, and again, follow that feedback mechanism that we talked about earlier.
[06:20:28] So really, if you're working in bespoke systems or custom systems, I think that's really invaluable. Hey, very cool. So it looks like we have two separate handoffs, one to engineering manager Emily, to actually start going on some prototypes for this spec. And then the other is over to Pixel to actually start working on some designs and some mocks. Yeah, and I think what's cool about the design workflow here is Pixel, I mentioned earlier, is trained on just
[06:20:59] how to be a great AI designer, but also it has context on our business's design system. And so in this case, we use Figma, and so the design system lives in Figma, but Pixel also sort of has a reference files in its context that sort of teach it how to design for our airline. And so what this does is it makes it so that, you know, We're not starting from scratch every time. The agent has a ton of embedded context on our preferred fonts and colors, UI patterns. Some no-nose, we've thought it over time, for example, like never make X buttons in the left corner
[06:21:29] and things like this. And that really kind of gives this designer the ability to iterate really, really quickly. And then get things mostly right on the first try versus having to start from scratch every time. And it looks like we got some designs. What do we think? There's some expensive tickets. It looks like we have two different options, option A and option B, which Pixel has designed. What does the crowd think? Option A? Clap. Option B. Clap. Okay.
[06:22:03] Sounds like team A. All right. So let's hand the first mock over to Emily to update the prototype. And what you're also noticing here is that these bots can really act, you know, sort of interchangeably, right? Like earlier, it looked like Pixel had handed something to Emily and then we made a decision and then we can say, hey, like go and update Emily and you'll notice that these these bots are sort of like interact more asynchronously or more out of band.
[06:22:34] Then you might expect if you're just used to working with it, you know, more of a chat style interface. And honestly, I think this makes a lot more fun to work with where basically you can continue to steer and drive what the agents are working on. particularly in some cases where they're working on something for a few minutes at a time, getting that input from you as you go, it kind of helps you feel like you're being a part of the process and also verifying the output, too. Cool, so let's check in on the engineering team. You can see Emily here as the engineering manager. Deconstructed the different priorities into scoped work for each one of the engineers.
[06:23:12] and actually then went and had direct conversations with each one explaining the work that they were to do. And also included a bunch of additional context. One of the things that I think we have all learned the hard way is that agents are really good at prompting. oftentimes better than we are at figuring out what context to give to an agent. And so oftentimes just giving your team in GROCBOT, the context of what you are trying to achieve,
[06:23:43] and letting them work together and sus out what context would be most helpful, how to deconstruct work in different ways, can be very accelerated. One thing we will hopefully see in action a second here. These GROCBOTs also have the ability, there we go, to kick off Cloud agents. And so when it comes to the actual engineering work, what each of these IC engineers are doing is they're creating agents in the cloud that sort of run with a local copy of your code repository. So when it comes time to make changes to the code base,
[06:24:14] or maybe they need to install some setup scripts to be able to ensure that the repo is testable and runnable, these agents come with all of those batteries included too. So in this case, it looks like you just said yes when Nova asked about creating a PR. That's right. Yeah. And so, nobody's gone off launch this Cloud Agent will continue to monitor its work when that completes. You can also have an additional verification loop. The engineer can review the work of the Cloud Agent can hand it back to either a QA team or your engineering manager who can actually run an additional layer of checks and verification to ensure that the outputs align with the intended goals that you gave your your team.
[06:24:59] team to start. Yeah. I think what this is really cool about this too is you can sort of choose how much human you want to bring into the loop, right? So maybe for some of these cases, if it's a really easy change to say a documentation website or maybe it's resizing something in our mobile app, it feels like a pretty low stakes change. And sometimes we can just let our agents run with it. But perhaps there's a more meaningful change. If we want to make sure that this design was implemented, the way that we spec'd it out, or the way that pixel help to spec'd it out, we might want to jump in and ask for a demo or prototype. So one thing we found that's just generally true when working with agents is that giving them an environment to verify their own output in makes a huge difference.
[06:25:36] But also giving them the tools to help you as the human verify the output also makes a huge difference in outcomes. And you can kind of work with those things together and get better results. So amazing. So I think our engineering team is going to cook on this in the background. And so what have we seen so far? We started with this open question about the business. We started talking to a data science colleague, Ashley, to help us better understand some of the funnel dynamics
[06:26:07] where the biggest falloff was. Handed all of that context over to a PMP agent who could actually help write the product requirements doc. That was the first pass. We then handed it off to our designer who created a first version of the Mox to actually go and implement. And then Emily and our engineering team are off now cooking it with our cloud agents. Really cool system. And again, you can really adapt this to whatever workflow makes the most sense to your business.
[06:26:37] And so we've seen a lot of folks who want to go really deep on the requirements phase and maybe work on really complex systems where there's lots of knock on implications for every small requirement. You could imagine having a team of folks whose job it is to make sure there's a knowledge base that's cupped up today and that those requirements are fed into the product. Or maybe you have a really convoluted code base with a bunch of different repos that you just stay in sync. That's another workflow that you can build in with GROCBOT. And so my point with that is just stating that, you know, this is one example of how you might set up your team. But really the tool is meant to be flexible for you
[06:27:08] to kind of adapt to whatever workflow works for your own organization. Cool. OK. Now a few of the hard learned lessons working with Grockbot, a few things to keep in mind as you start to build out your own teams in Grockbot. First is this idea of named agents having separate memory, being able to learn on the job and really thinking about these as colleagues, they're not going
[06:27:40] to be great on day zero. There is an onboarding phase where you can give them skills, you can give them context, you can teach them things. And so over time they actually build up that context and intuition and you can take on more and more work which is cool to see. The other is really thinking about sort of reducing noise in the system as VMs like there is often a lot of pings, a lot of emails, a lot of slacks. One of the pro tips that we've learned is when you set up a routine to ask your agent, if this is essentially a no operation, if there's nothing important or urgent for me to
[06:28:14] see, you can actually just take the work on yourself or you don't need to update me. And so there is a bit of noise reduction in the system. Agents are, and Grockbot is currently grooming my inbox, and will only tell me about the most important emails there. And can escalate things, but generally, I'm trying to reduce the noise in the system. So I can keep focus on what is most important for the team. And then, agents all the way down this idea that you can have managers of agents
[06:28:48] are coordinating with Cloud agents. And Grocbot is a very helpful agent system for helping you take on some of the most ambitious work and accelerate your product teams. Yeah. Very cool. So that was a very fun demo. That was great being able to actually make some impact at Flylow Airlines. We are going to wrap there to those who are joining us virtually. Check that with Matt, Lauren, and Rochon.
[06:29:18] One back up there. We're currently building a startup with Grocbot over the course of these three days, which is very exciting. How's progress going? It's going. We have a really fun business idea, and so if you're interested in following along, we'll be streaming for the next 48 plus hours. So, should be great. Very good. Thank you all so much. Very good. And for those in the audience, we are now going to open it up to any questions that are
[06:29:49] on your mind. Before we do that, one quick thing we wanted to plug is we are running a competition. You could win a trip to Starbase, Texas to watch a launch of Starship. Pretty cool. Incredible cool, if you ask.
 me. If you show us how you've integrated rock bottom into your work, so follow at rock and dot and at bot on x. And there's a post on the at rock account right now that explains how to enter and win the runners up here are also going to win a tour. I believe to Hawthorne to go and see how some of the stuff that helps launch stuff into space is made.
[06:30:21] And so if you're interested in any role of that, that QR coach and help you get started or you can just go to at rock on x. And that's our very cool. Are we allowed to enter and I don't know. All right. There we go. Question. Oh, I will keep that up so people can scan it. We could repeat the questions up here too if it's easier. You can just shout it out and repeat it.
[06:30:59] Yeah. Oh, put up the QR code. Oh, get out of the way for the QR code. Sorry. We also want to hear your question. Yeah, so I think the question is about what we've seen in terms of box managing context, context, how it might overlap across teams or roles. Is that the right idea?
[06:31:30] Yeah. So I think at the end of the day, these act is self-contained agents that you can steer and control however you want. So if I understand your question correctly, the way that these agents, these bots are architected is that each bot has its own memory. But there's also a shared memory pool that bots can contribute to in the cases when they, and you decide that there's something you should remember for your team. And so there's a bit of prompting we use to under the hood to tune how the bots choose one or the other. But in general, bots have a sort of individual memory pool that they write memories to and then refine memories
[06:32:04] from over time. And so one of the reasons that we think we really like the rule-based version of this is that you can get really strong memories or how to become a really good engineer over time. But then we're also so experimenting with this a little bit. The group chats interface that you saw really allows you to kind of bring those things together. So there are multiple approaches. For example, you could have a single builder bot that is end-proud and design all in one. It can also work, it's just that we find for more complex use cases separating the world, how it can be helpful. I'm not sure if that was your question or. Yeah, I think one of the things which is interesting
[06:32:35] is we've been trained with early agents to worry about context pollution and context management. And there's a little part of everybody's brain that is thinking about what does agent know, what do they not know? Do I need to compact and at what point am I gonna run out of context window? And I think the ultimate goal is to make this incredibly simple and incredibly accessible for everybody to use. And not have to spend a bunch of meadow work thinking about what you can see about.
[06:41:03] And we're back. So hopefully I'll enjoy that session on GROC Bot 4 product managers. We're back in the studio and we have a guest with us. This is Eric. Eric is co-founder and CEO of Carrot Financial. credit and payments built for creators and growing businesses. Or, Karen, I believe you were a product manager at Instagram as well. Yeah, I was a product manager at Joint Meta Instagram 2016. Awesome. Another life. Awesome. Welcome. Excited to have you. So, Lauren and I have been at work here during the break. We were just talking about like exactly what we're building, what the direction is.
[06:41:36] And I feel like we're still kind of working on exactly what we want to build on like what the software looks like. I think first it's an interesting kind of lesson in how the hardest part of building is actually a lining on an idea. We're just talking about that. And so I think we're gonna do since we have Eric's time and he's built the business himself and he's working sort of these things. Maybe we would workshop exactly what we're building. Refining ideal that so we know exactly where we're headed. And I kind of love that because people, my mom would always ask like, what does a product manager even do? And I told her, it's always come sound to three things.
[06:42:07] Number one is figure out what to build. Number two is how to build it. and number three is actually coordinating building it. And I think people don't realize, like AI makes the third part really easy, but like parts one and two, that's still like human brains. And so when you're like, what are we even doing? I'm like, yeah, this is perfect because I also want to know. So I think my first question, so I tuned and I cheated a little. I had some of the live stream up where you're doing a Peter in the very beginning. So I heard it was like a website for popups and like is this for restaurant owners to do popups? I'm trying to get a sense of like,
[06:42:38] who are we doing this for, what's the problem we're trying to solve? Yeah, for me, I imagine our main users are people who want to run a pop-up. Yeah. So that you could be a restaurant here. You could have your own Shopify store. But you want this pop-up to me. The whole business or the value proposition of a pop-up store is that for one, it's in person. Yes, IRL.
[06:43:08] It's IRL. there's this almost like a limited supply factor, where there's a time constraint. There's like, you know, popups, I mean, you're gonna miss one, you gotta go. So you have to go. There's like this, you know, there's a desire to want to show up. And then maybe when you show up, there's a chance to participate in a once in a lifetime or whatever experience or by products are merchandise that are only accessible through the pop-up.
[06:43:40] So I feel like there's something interesting there where actually it's pretty hard to set something like this up yourself. And so we want it where we're thinking of one, actually creating a pop-up of our own. Maybe we're like a rock pop thing. Yeah, like, yeah. Because I personally would love some rock pop merch. Believe it or not, I don't have any pop-up. Maybe some Tater merch as well. Yeah, like a potato in the, or I don't know, a graph bot in the shape of potato or something. Yeah.
[06:44:10] And I think that by actually trying to start this pop up ourselves, we will build tools that will kind of put, you know, shape the platform that we want to go to as well where, right? Initially, the only user of this platform is going to be ourselves. We're going to use it to make to plan and organize our pop up store. And then we'll figure out how to actually make it a little bit more generic, make it accessible for other users to actually use the same intro.
[06:44:41] To do bookings like finding venues, planning, invitations, and things like that. Okay, so this makes sense. So I have one thing I really like this and then I have one push I want to give. The thing I really like is especially in a world where AI is eating everything. IRL matters even more. Like the whole point of what we're doing over the next three days, you can build an entire business with Rockbot. But the special part is to your point, getting to meet and interact with the business in real time. If anything, what we're describing now is software,
[06:45:11] it's happening in brick and mortar businesses too. Like if you're a restaurant, the big question you have to think about is, how do I avoid just being commoditized and put on as another icon on Uber Eats and DoorNash? Like how do I make sure I'm not just a cloud kitchen that people would order in burgers from? that thing. Pop up. Or if I'm selling stickers online and everyone is just putting out AI-generated stickers, how do I make sure people actually know what I represent stand for? Pop up. So my first thought is I really like this because you're trying to recapture the essence of here's something special about your brand and how you can reach people in a way that's become really
[06:45:44] valuable today. My second and here's a bit of where my push is, I really think it matters who we're doing this for. And I'm hearing you describe the initial target demo who we're building and for it, he said, let's build it for ourselves. So if we're gonna build it for ourselves, then the framing's almost people who wanted to pop up that have never done a pop up before. Sorry, man. And barely understand the business side. And that's okay, because then I heard you say, but okay, we're gonna later on go more advanced, because there's a totally different demographic work. I already run a restaurant or a merch shop,
[06:46:16] and it's working, but I want to run a pop up to get attention. Right? I think those are two really different demographics. I'm super honest with the first one. My only ask is then let's narrow it a little. So we're gonna start with people who haven't done it before. You mentioned like merch. So are we gonna do we doing this as like a merch? Like hey, you run, this is so meta. But very San Francisco. It's like you run a venture back startup and to stand out against all of the other AI companies, you wanna have your own IRL merch drop. You wanna have your own plushies. Like very meta. Is that gonna be the initial least case we built for?
[06:46:48] I think so. That could be pretty interesting. I mean, that could be interesting. It feels a bit meta. disconnected from just like maybe is there like a simpler way to like connect with their audience like I think if I'm thinking about myself like what I want I don't know what a pop up is but most of the time what I'm looking to do on like a Saturday is just go find something fun to do they go with a friend of mine and like I like art I like checking out new things if there's something cool to buy like buying these cool things so yeah I don't know my thinking is like always simplify but I'm like I'm down for whatever you know so so I mean I think we have we have a I'm curious with chat things like this is you know a fork in the
[06:47:19] road. We can either go bit meta and really build for ourselves, which is we're a tech AI brand and we want to get more of an viral connection to our folks. So like let's go and do merch or something or we can do something totally different, like kind of like what you said, right? So I'm curious, is there anything in chat? These messages are so funny. The poor AV team. Am I just like way too loud right now? The sound guys are having a lot of fun right now. Bro was proclaiming. At least I feel like my problem is like I'm always louder than everybody else. And like when I do podcasts, I just like amp down my sensitivity
[06:47:53] a little bit. Okay, chat, let us know like, which direction should we go? Or is there just a lot of lag going on right now? No, very not. I think there's a bit of a lag between the. I think there is a lot of lag. But I like where we're at. I think we have a good direction. So like, what would help most? Like maybe if we start wire framing or walking to the user flow, we can talk about it. Yeah, I think we got to be specific though on which one we're going to do. Like, are we going to be like, Hey, like, let's do tech brand doing a pop up for your brand? or should we do something to your point, like very brick and mortar, very different? Like I'm a restaurant owner,
[06:48:24] and I wanna do a pop up to get people to come to my restaurant and it's like a special event. I do think we gotta make a call. Otherwise, we're gonna build like the most generic pop of say possible, which I fear is that it's too generic to be helpful to anybody. Yeah, I think I agree with that. I mean, like what are the constants, right? The constants across all of these things, and what we want to do are that like, we need a date, we need a time, we need a venue, We need to collect a bunch of different people who have a trade into that same place. And so Lauren started working on some prototyping tools
[06:48:56] for us to start doing those things. And then what is specific to us, sounds like the merchandise might be? Yeah, you know what, let's do like what every startup has always pitched to every VC ever. Guys, we're gonna start small. The address of the market is everybody. Maybe we start with merch for tech companies because like, hey, we wanna have an URL presence. But once we start to build it and figure out the primitives, then we can expand it to like maybe other sort of common scenarios. What do we think of that? I would address chat, but chat is like on a three minute delay. So we're just gonna fly blind and say,
[06:49:26] all right, you know what? We're gonna try and start a Grock pop up and sell what Grock push ups, Taterpushies. Sure. Grock hats. Grock hats, drop. Okay, well this is the easiest thing possible if I put on my product manager hat, right? It's like, you know, the classic frame is like what are the problems we have? I think the first one is just like, if we're really gonna build it for ourselves, what do we sell? Where do we sell it? Coordinate the location time. So what do we sell? Number one, number two, where do we sell it? Number three, coordinate the location in time.
[06:49:57] And the fourth thing I would say is ticketing, where you want to make sure you have a social element. I think part of what's biggest success, was you knowing that all your other friends are coming as well. Yeah, I like that. And so we want to make this an event. Like we can't have Elon tweeting out every single time the pop up is open, right? I mean, that'd be huge. That'd be amazing. Randy, business to have. I think the first question is, what do we want to make here? Cool. Yeah, so maybe we start with what do we want to sell? Merch. It sounds like we're doing a Merch pop up.
[06:50:28] Sounds like we need some sort of system for like ticketing or just basically like event registration. We could probably find like an API or something that helps us with that. Or we could just use our plan scale database. We could do some like quick event registration, make it social, so ticketing. And we don't even really need to worry about time slots. if we wanted to do it across the day or something right now. So merch, we're going to need to work on the merch for the pop-up. That should be integrated into the platform. The registrations, I think, that seems pretty easy.
[06:50:59] And then maybe something to help us find the venue. Yeah, like the venue. Yeah. So maybe I love it. You simplify the three things. Just the merch, the ticketing, the social piece, and then just find the venue to your totally right time is not necessarily important. Page one, what are you building? But in this instance, it's your building a merch pop-up. page two is literally like what date is this thing, and then it helps you build and invent a booking system. And then page three is like, kind of like where are you having it? And then you can start to figure out the location
[06:51:31] and whatnot. So here's my question. Is someone who's still learning Grock bot? What's the recommended approach using Grock bot to figure it out? Like are you gonna have each of those like merch, ticketing venue? Is that a different bot? Or are you gonna split it functionally, right? In terms of like engineering versus design. Like how are you thinking about this Lauren? For Lauren is currently doing that. I'm sorry, I don't like super long-term. Maybe Matt, how not at least put this up. I like to put these things up. I think about bots as like different employees really. So like in my bots right now, I'm like set up on my screen. I have a growth engineer, I have a founding engineer, I have an image generator bot,
[06:52:02] I have a creative director, a chief of staff, and then some of these other things, which usually come from like tasks. Like if I have a task, for example, updating my documentation, I'm going to create a bot separately to update the documentation. And so you can see here Lauren actually has been just cooking on some like Yeah, I'm on our source. So yeah, what I was doing in the background and I was like kind of zoning out of it, but I'm not zoning out about trying to lock in on this was to start so I'm a very visual person. Yeah. And so I got my prototype robot to start sketching out stuff for me in TL Draw, which is pretty
[06:52:35] cool that the so one thing Groffat does really well is like you can actually control a browser and it actually wins the TL draw that's that it's drawing for me. All right, so we have some kind of very low fidelity mockups that we can kind of discreetly and think help us ideate what we're trying to do. So I've just been prompting and trying to get it to work on that. One thing I'll say, I saw so many in chat say, merch, just merch. If we're going to put on our true like Silicon Valley satire hats, I would say this is a community as a service
[06:53:08] and a world dominated by AI. We want to help you figure out how to bring the in-person vibes of your company back. So I think if it less is, Merch, this is a platform for you to have community meetups around your brand. And yeah, it's a tech brand. One thing that's really easy is to have a reason. Merch is a great reason. Sweet. Yeah. Totally great. And I know some providers. I know some APIs where we can maybe line up some Merch that might be able to integrate into the platform. Some ways we might be able to make that happen. Sweet. Well, well, when if you're working in that,
[06:53:39] I'm not sure I think you are working on it. I guess I'll ask the other person. Yeah, no, I'll clear up some time, Lauren. Do you feel like we have what we need to start building stuff? I'll try. Okay, cool. So I realize the two of you are like hosting and guessing at the same time. It's pretty, like, incredibly difficult to be entertaining, actually built. Well, then I'll ask you, so like, you know, if we're going to find it, it's like, hey, if you're a brand, you're going to have a community pop up, reusing merch as like the Trojan horse to like something to start with. What's like fun merch? We'd say, I feel like every tech startup ever has done. I'm going to re-merge for my own company. like T-shirts and hats, like is there something unique to Groc?
[06:54:11] I feel like we get to lean in the direction of cute, like Taters and Potatoes, because that's part of freaking Kurt, her brand. Because there's something, something different. I mean, obviously you only have the Flamethrowers. Like that is a unique type of merch, or do you think about it? Yeah, so we just have to figure out Flamethrower production in like 48 hours. Sounds like, no, I mean, I think when I think about the best merch, it's similar to what you described, which is like building for yourself. It's like hey, I dig hats, but I dig very specific kinds of hats. like I like hoodies, but like I want a very good specific kind of hoodie. And so if you can like work backwards from that, like in the
[06:54:43] clothing aspect, it's kind of like what kind of stuff do you do? Like one of my good friends gave me like a Snorlax plushie at one point. Are you are you Pokemon fan? I mean, you know, I have friends that are Pokemon fans. Actually, I'm pretty loud. I love that. And it was like very reminiscent of my childhood, you know, kind of like cool gift. And something like that resonated with me. So it's like how do you find something? Yeah, either sentimental or emotional that you can connect with somebody. So my two thoughts here, the first one is like, that could be a bot action in itself, as we're exploring use cases, until like go in research and figure out what people want. My second thought is basically you said,
[06:55:14] I heard two things. I heard one in expressed appreciation for utility. Like not just a hat, a really good hat. Yeah. The second is a desire for novelty, like the Snorlax thing. This is a total tangent on the novelty piece. This is not a utility piece. Have you heard? Like I saw this TikTok the other day. It was like, you know, boys get girl's flowers, not to be gender normative. Sometimes people in a relationship like to get the other person relationship flowers, what's the other version of that? Right, like a girl is like, what do I get for my boyfriend? And somebody said yes and ticked off, tungsten cubes.
[06:55:44] Tungsten cubes. Have you seen these? Love tungsten cubes, yeah. Why? They're so hectic. They're so cool. They don't worry about it. They're really dense. They're really hard to pick up. So I'm like, I'm not saying we're dude, well, we do this, but if we're gonna go in the novelty direction, like in addition to the, like the hats and he's, I don't like tungsten cubes. Yeah, 100%. Yeah, I mean, I don't know where why we're good. I love he immediately understood what I was talking about. Wait, can you get like a ton of some cue in the shape of our graphite? You can get a, that would, I mean, it's a theoretical, it's a pretty crazy. You can absolutely do it.
[06:56:15] A hard, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, I would pay, honestly, I pay 80 bucks for that. 30 bucks? And here's the whole thing. It's so heavy, you can't even get a shift. I mean, you have to go to the pop-up to get it. Back off, we're going to win. We're going to get $500. The spear is $500. So $80, maybe. Now, tungsten cubes, maybe with the rock bottom, logo on them are less expensive, but the tungsten spear
[06:56:47] is $500. So $500, that is an expensive piece of merch. OK, so we might have to pass on the, This might be pre-memarch. Maybe we have like three of these. Yeah. We'll be able to pop up for something. Maybe one person, okay, I'm going to a live check. Maybe one person out of every 500 that goes there wins the tungsten sphere. I hear you. Yeah, I can tell you like that. Maybe we start a lord with like the basics. Like we can back into where we're booking, what we're booking some of these other things. I know your cloud agents are working on it. In the meantime, I've also been working on some of our like site
[06:57:20] stuff, just connecting email infrastructure. I did want to take a moment and talk to you like chat because we've been getting some really great messages about what people like, what they don't like. We have these in notion. So from the joy tee, if friends can use each other's bots, do they inherit the bots previous training? Can you remove past behaviors, retrain it, or reset it, and then refine it in your own version? So it's interesting currently the way these bots work, like if Laurence sent me a bot, that would be a template. That template basically allows you to copy the memories,
[06:57:51] some of the context or what the bots worked on are like the instructions as well as like first party plugins and some other things without hearing over sensitive data for like chat data. So if you shared a template with me, you wouldn't have to worry about sending any passwords or number one, the bot can't see passwords we'll talk a little bit more about that in a second, but any sort of chat information that's specific to you. Related bots for passwords, securely using like secure entry. So you actually don't need to worry about bots having access to any sensitive data, you'll get like a nice little form. And so basically the answer to that is when you get a bot template, you're going to be able to refine it as you go. It's going to have a certain set of behaviors and actions. And it's necessarily like your own kind of version of that bot.
[06:58:35] It's not an exact one for one copy. I'll talk to a couple of these while Lauren's kind of iterating on these designs. Interesting to see her her process here. How can you tell if you've given your bot too much scope, what errors do you observe over time from crystal and then a very long string of numbers? I think you just have to observe how they respond. The parallel here, I've used a lot of parallels to humans. It's like, if you ask a human to do too much, maybe you're seeing some of this on the stream.
[06:59:06] the human starts to get disoriented and might say things like they're a little flustered or they might not make sense. And so you can start to observe in AI like, is this making sense? Are the outputs high quality? And if we think more about like why that might be how context work, how next token prediction works, it can start to make sense. But we won't go too deep there. I would just say does it feel like the bot is on target? Does your AI feel like it is moving in a good direction? And if the answer is no, you might need narrow to scope or clear the context.
[06:59:39] The answer is yes. Then maybe you're feeling better. So interestingly, I'm noticing Warren's bought here is like. Yeah, my boss really like what are these catching up? Rock, rock, part, bot, or exhibition. I prompted it earlier that we might want to host an art exhibition. I forgot to mention it, but my idea right now is like I want to have one again a very visual person.
 If we want to come up with cool tickets design, because I feel like that drives some kind of... It gives us some momentum. We've got a really cool ticket. I just want this creator event,
[07:00:09] it's hosted by Make creating a William Osman, and you're bad just again, and actually PCB boards. You can actually wire them up and light up and everything. So no, I love this. You come up with a cool design for this? Yeah, right now I'm just thinking, well, I'm sort of inspired a little bit by Pokemon cards and how they're a little bit shiny. Oh, it's a little bit foiled. the tickets to the first ever Grockbot pop up are collectibles in themselves. I mean that could be pretty interesting. That is really cool. Yeah, yeah. So, you already have... So that the ticket itself is a collectible?
[07:00:40] Yeah, and then you show up and then you have a chance to actually look around by more cool merch. Yeah, because like, you know, keeping my whole reason we're doing this pop up is because it's special. It's not just software. So I feel like having a really cool ticket, that's part of it. So my question, again, is somebody who's still learning about Grockbot, right? You have one right now designing the tickets themselves. Are we able to have one figure out the merch? Tell it, hey, we don't just want plushies and high quality hoodies. We want that. We want that for sure. But we want something cool and novel. We consider the tungsten cube and then we consider the tungsten cube and the shape of
[07:01:13] a crock bot. And we realized that would cost $3,000. Does it have other ideas in this vein? Let me just write that down. So we have, I'm curious if you have a more cool idea, like tungsten, is that how you spell it? Yeah, that's how you spell tungsten cubes, which again, he and I instantly in the only usage of tungsten cubes. You can give me grotting, right? Throw out more ideas that I can try and other good normal two ones. So some of them we're seeing in the chat. Potato plushies, a lot of people seem to like
[07:01:45] a potato plushies. Pictures from SpaceX launches, so rocket tree pictures. Oh, okay, pictures from SpaceX. Let me add addition, rock box stress balls, shaped in the different shapes of rock box. Oh, that's really cool. I like this rest ball one. Probably not too hard to me. What could be cool is how rock ball is spherical, right? Like a hat, but the hat just has eyes on it. Like the hat in the ball, like you're going to go ahead. Or like a toboggan. Oh, actually, you probably just heard me say something. It sounds like a sled. This is from North Carolina.
[07:02:16] Yeah. Like a beany thing. A beany thing? People in the South, call those toboggan. Just completely sidebar on the category. I think a toboggan is a sled. Yeah, I thought it was really crazy. So I just had to go on a tangent there, but anyway, basically like a wolf cap from some sort, right? So, um, another one I'll add, what about rock bot character plushies? Like the whole point is you have like a whole army of rock bots. We can make like cool little plushies for each of them, you know? I also feel like it'd be really cool to have the attendees of this pop up be able to like participate
[07:02:52] by like I don't know, separating some ideas and then we'll make them because like in graph bot you can create your own bot templates. So I wonder if there's also something we can tie in there where you know you can subnet a bot template like we'll choose good ones and then we'll make some special merge for them I guess. I don't like. Wait, can I get one set beyond that because I'm even crazier than just thinking about it? So what if you could create your own physical rock bot that also has its own purpose because
[07:03:26] you can code it, right? Like for example, you could make a physical rock bot. I'm just making this up because I'm in a long distance relationship right now. We have find my iPhone turned on. What if I like got a keychain and the rock bots that bots agents sold job is to track the location of my partner. So I know where she is. But like you've seen this in some TikTok is like she's X miles away. So I'm not saying he's as an example. I'm saying what if you had people create physical rock box with like specific things? Or like the other classic rock box I've heard used is like oh, if you're a startup founder
[07:03:58] it gives you like the competitive news update of what's happening in your space. What if I had like a physical one you just look at it and this tells you like this is what happened. That's it. Yeah, nice. Or maybe like track sales of your merch store and every time you make like a thousand dollars it lights up it's like you just made another thousand dollars. I don't know because it's like it kind of taps into the ethos of you can customize it and you can code it and we can make it. I'm really just thinking out loud now. Yeah. Well, this is so much. So what's homo-combed? Grog bot build a bear kind of thing. Yeah. Another person-combed it. Don't do that. There are two types of people on the internet.
[07:04:31] Oh, are there the areas? So this one's still working on the tickets, right? Are we just not going to do the platform idea then? Well, I think if we build the tools to do it ourselves we can then make them scalable. Yeah, I feel like the pop maybe is like a stretch cool. Yeah. Well, we'll build a tool for our self first. I think we should focus on just getting the store I fully agree. Design setup. The sort of design finding a place to do. Exactly. As soon as I get on that done.
[07:05:01] Tomorrow and the third day we have time to actually put platform items things if we feel like they're worth doing that. But for now, yeah. And then I have a merch bot setup already. And it's- But yeah, I kind of do like this build a bare Groc bot thing, if it's not impossible to execute. And then, in the course of doing, yeah, we can extend it later to let anybody do their own pop-ups. Oh, actually, I'm gonna say, ask Groc to use Groc, imagine.
[07:05:34] That's cute. Toma Groc, a Groc, Toma Gachi. Maybe that's what the story has, is that a build a bear. Maybe it's just the Groc bot, Toma Gachi. Oh, yeah, we're telling Steve, like, hey, don't just regurgitate. Yeah, don't just, don't just talk to me I just told you, come up with something more and better. It really does feel like you're just messaging a team of your colleagues.
[07:06:06] All right. I think one of our colleagues is actually back. Hey. I was like, I'm out here to see you. It's a pleasure. My name's Eric. Hey, Roach and there's two. I caught some of the conversation, but what I miss. It's got an interesting directions. So the thinking was, look, if we do a pop up, we should have a clear sense of who we're building a forum, we're trying to solve. Right. And I think there's something very special about getting to an IRL manifestation of what your brand is, especially with AI software everywhere. And then we're like, this is actually Laurence A.D., why don't we do it for ourselves first?
[07:06:38] Yeah. And then they go as well for ourselves, we can expand this into a platform. So then we started thinking, and this is actually Matt's point, we're going to do it for ourselves. Early, only three things we need to figure out. Hold on, hold on. Let me, maybe I should record this. It's really like, oh, he did this into a bot, have we done that yet? No, it's an American update our dog. I have a outreach bot. We have one working on menus. Let's find my outreach bot. Here we go. Sorry. Pick back up where you left off. Yeah, go for it. And so Matt had actually a really good point. If we're going to do our own Grockbot popup,
[07:07:08] there's really three things we need to figure out. Number one is just what's going to be there, like the merch. The second thing is the venue, right? And the third thing's ticketing. And again, all of these can later be extensible into their own broader sort of popup things. So we started working and thinking about the merch and the ticketing. So she has one Grockbot actually designing the ticketing, which in itself could be a collectible item. And we have another one thinking through merch ideas. And Matt expressed that from a merch pub, there are two things he cares about. The first is he utility and craft. So like a hoodie or like a hat, but like a really well done one. The second one is like novelty.
[07:07:39] The second is novelty. So you talked about how a friend was given like a small-axe plushie. He really appreciated that. And I mentioned, you know, as a guy, I feel like my favorite novel to a lawyer is like a tungsten cube. And then Lauren Brownson idea is actually where it was like, oh, maybe like, it's not just a tungsten cube. Maybe it's a tungsten figurine in the shape of a rock bot, which then evolved into what if you could actually customize it, like what if you had different Grop bot plushies because there's so many characters which then evolved into what if if it's going to be a plushie, why not program in some functionality into it as
[07:08:10] well, like you could have one Grop bot plushie with the job is just to update you what's happening in your slack. That's cool. Honestly, I don't know if I would actually want that as a founder, I feel like I'm on my phone checking it all the time anyways. But there's something interesting here on like if we're talking about popups as the manifestation of your company, the Grocbot plushie could be the manifestation of the Grocbot, right? Where you can actually program it to do simple things. That's where we left off done. Then we were thinking more about how do we actually leverage the bots to do this? Yeah. Like one bot's thing you're ticketing, one bot's thinking you're the merchant. And then we got very lucky and we came back.
[07:08:42] That's where you're catching you up. All right. I just recorded all that. Yeah, of course. So let me maybe feed that into a bot. Maybe we spin up a merchant bot whose job it is to help us. Yeah. And a bunch of really cool merchants. We'll figure out what's doable. Let's do it. Cool. I got my merch bought hooked up to Grock Imagine, but I guess it doesn't really know. It's got some random merch. We should kind of cool, I guess, but it's not. It's kind of messed up the Grock bot logo.
[07:09:12] I forgot to tell it to do that first. So let me try and cook more. Maybe we should also like, would it help if we found a supplier and then we like grounded some of this merchandise that actually exists? Oh yeah. Or like we had a way to basically like maybe feed the API or website, what merch options it has and then I can pick that merch. You could go to like, scrape Alibaba. Right? Or like, Alibaba. You could even have it do outreach to Alibaba and Talbo. It's kind of like 1,000, we're probably not going to do this. I'm just saying it, toast and cue manufacturers and be like, how cheap can you make them?
[07:09:43] I'll start doing some research on how we can do that using rock bottom. I feel like we should come up two or three really just perfect examples of merch. Two or three really well curated things. And I think we could actually get. if you could wait a little like, pair it down. Totally agree. Yeah, he's like, there are so many ideas. He's being a good DM. He's like, we gotta only do a few. Yeah, yeah, that's part of it, right? It's like, you want it to be like intentional, like sort of intentionally thought of, intentionally designed. And I don't know about you, but I feel like sometimes
[07:10:14] there's this bit of like, less is more where you really want to, like knock it out of the park on one or two or three key things. Well, then I'm gonna toss the PM hat to you. We've discussed many, many ideas. What do you think is the first one? for the merch? Yeah, or for the products? Or out of everything we just mentioned? Well, I don't want to scope creep too much, but I think it could be really interesting when, you know, maybe if you're registering for the pop-up, you can choose your favorite merch item. Like maybe we could show you a gallery of some of the possible, like, we could make a little bit of like a gallery where like in the registration experience,
[07:10:45] you can like, you know, pick your merch item and you can kind of see some previews of what that would look like. Maybe like something cool. This might be a stretch school, like a 3D interactive thing, you spin it around and see it in 3D space. I know that the, it's like a bunch of MCPs out there if like 3D design and stuff. That could be a really fun thing to do. Or, I feel like one of the things that I always think about when I go to events is just like wanting to know that I'm sort of, you know, getting something unique or getting something special. And earlier today we were talking a lot about how we want to just, you know, we each want to bring something special to the event. So I wonder if we build that into the registration experience
[07:11:17] and that could actually be something. You know, if we go in that direction, where we get to leverage like the graphic customization capabilities and like show visualizations, It really makes me feel like we should just lean more into like for this IRL pop up build a Grog bot. Like you have characters for your bots, you can like create a physical manifestation, you can design it, you can visualize it, you can see it, and you can assign it a function, right? Like kind of what I talked about. It doesn't have to be Slack updates. Maybe it's just like the weather outside, although technically if you're outside touching grass already, the fact that you would need your Grog bot plus you to tell you what the weather is is a little dissoaked. I could always use an assist.
[07:11:47] I don't know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, sure. Just like Grog bot, do you think it's explained it made a lot of difference? like you're like a real world around me. But like, giving people the ability to customize literally their own IRL GROCKBOT, like that could be fun, and you could visualize it using the tools you said. Yeah, what are your top three? I heard a bunch of ideas. I think, I mean, to be honest, after you describe this visualization idea, I think my favorite one is this fact build, which again, somebody from chat, it's like build a GROCKBOT. Yeah. This entire workshop is us building our own GROCKBOTs to build a company that will now build you physical GROCKBOTs.
[07:12:17] Yeah, yeah, very meta. It is very mad about that, but it's like in a way it's a loop. Yeah, a strange loop. Yeah, I love that. I love that. Um, awesome. Well, sounds like we have some merch ideas. Uh, well, yeah, I have a few. I mean, I need to iterate a little bit, but like, oh, wait, we can go see some, I mean, the eyes are a little bit off. They're just very tired. I don't know why you're like like that, but we'll just need to tweak it a little bit. That was a cool, cool comment in the chat. And then I also have another bot working on creating some cool ticket ideas.
[07:12:51] So you can actually like, well, I'll probably want to find a printer. We can actually put them. Yeah, I have a printer would be good. I know I know some merch connections. So we could search a research that I can search in some research on like a printer for tickets using. Yeah, tickets. Okay. I think that tickets are almost like a collectible. Yeah, you can then like you sign up and then like me a lit to you or something. Well, we give it to you on site. We give it to you on site. on site, on site coming up with a generic ticket. Like, you are going to go with something and then,
[07:13:22] and you actually exchange it. For like, your free free free ticket that you can carry. Or maybe you have a badge or a name tag. Now we're going a little crazy with it. It's after me. It might be worth it downspirited a little bit. And just focusing again on like, in the system that we're building and like what we're trying to deliver, which is an experience for which we need a venue, a merch, and then the people that we're gonna call. This is a good merch exploration. But do you, are you really locking in the venues? Like, I mean, you need to work on it. Wait, let's get a bot to like, figure out the venues. I have a list of venues. I have a list of venues that I make them. I make them to be able to read. So do you have a bot template you can share?
[07:13:52] A bot template for what? Finding venues. By adding venues that are like, I'm sharing my screens. I guess I should show. Yeah, absolutely. I'll come back and have the venue. My operator research here. Create a template and I'll get that over you. To me the best part of every hackathon is when you get to a point where like, wait, I actually want this to happen. Like I actually want there to now be this pop up where I'm gonna go and get my Gropop Pushing. I love that. And maybe you can actually do things as well. Yeah, yeah. This is awesome. Wait, so who's going to figure out the venues? I know you already haven't pulled up the U of the screen share, so which one should we go with?
[07:14:23] Oh, the venues are in Notion actually. Oh, great. Maybe we should have a rock pot just like reach out to all of them. You could just be like, we could go out. Where's the Notion? The Notion, what do you mean the? The Link Me in the Notion. Okay, sweet. I'll send you a slide. To the comments, I am on X. I'm really bad at X. I've heard you few followers, but if you just Google, if you Google, you'll find it. This is my name. Some of you were asking. I don't know about what what are these? Okay, no, I'll say yeah. That's interesting.
[07:14:55] I think it doesn't really know how to yeah, like on the bot just threw these up on the local URL on its computer. I was thinking just go and yeah, and just check them out. I think it's also funny that your merch drop bot is named drop. And I asked to create a merch drop bot that also got named the pro drop. And so I guess you're awesome. Right. Can bring on the Lucian there. Yeah. This is a total sign note, but I feel like, you know how you have templates right now or for the bots you can share around. Yeah, I feel like one day you could have like a whole theme where you can spin up an army of bots and they follow one theme like potato name puns or like sonic sonic the hedgehog themed ones.
[07:15:35] It's been up more bots with those names. This is cool. Lauren, I just sent you some of the venues. And then I'm working on getting a little template for you. Oh, we'll figure this one out there. I'm gonna sign in this thus. Yeah, so you someone said, if you Jennings sells rockpot plushies, I would buy one. Yes, good. So someone said, he told me to get good at X. I'm trying, guys, I'm trying.
[07:16:05] Yeah, I really like this like build a rockpot plushie, but maybe you can program an actual functionality, or if that's you complicate, maybe you can do like one of three things, you know. Yeah. Also, I feel like it's just good for a rockpot brand. If you give people around San Francisco and the world carrying their actual rockpots. I totally agree. Yeah, a little back change, something. Yeah, it's not just an AI interface. Yeah, very cool, very cool. What else did you guys cover while it was gone? So it sounded like there was a bunch of discussion on merch. How's the rest of the building going? Well, she's got ticketing designs. We just talked about figuring out venues,
[07:16:36] which I assume would be outreach to the vignoners. That's pretty much it. So it's so far. I love it. I love it. Yeah. Cool, cool. And we're also coming up on our next session, I believe. We've got my little papers here. So we'll have in about five minutes, six minutes, rock bottom for founders, let's show. Awesome. One of our very own startups, growth folks. So we're going to cut over to that in about five minutes,
[07:17:08] just to head up. Cool. One thing Eric that I wanted to just be your brain on. So I know I'm carrot is like a platform for creators and folks for creating content, right? And one of the things these guys are going to hate me for this, because I've been like harping on platforms all morning. Yeah. But we've been talking a little bit about how, you know, you know, we're gonna go run this pop up, but maybe some of the software we build is generalizable for other people to run their own. I think that's the whole time. I'm just curious. Yeah, what are your thoughts on just like platform businesses and your experience kind of being a founder of one of these?
[07:17:38] Yeah, curious like, obviously there's a stretch goal for us coming out of these three days, but you know, just giving your experience that I would love to hear kind of what some of the ideas could that we've been cooking up? Actually, what parts of what we build do you think would generalize? It's a brilliant question. I'll say two things. The first thing is applying to my own company in a second, is like, first half of one, Instagram. So for our own company, so the one liner I gave when I came on is we do banking and credit for creators. Yeah. Over time that's actually expanded because, yes, we initially built for YouTubers. So some of the biggest streamers in the world, like Alex Boates,
[07:18:09] the trust streamer, are like, Ludwig, they actually use us. But when we built all of the primitives to help these creative entrepreneurs bank their businesses and get credit, at a certain point you're like, why can't I extend this to other types of businesses too? So now we've gradually expanded to other types of founders, and small me and business. What are the things that creators love the most when it comes to that? Like, it's such a unique user to be working with. So today, banks generally suck, because they're just dumb buckets for you to put your money in, and then nothing ever happens.
[07:18:40] The dream is you build a bank that actually helps you grow as a business. That's what we're releasing next year. But for creators, an example of that, is we put them up on billboards, because for creator, And when they're featured up on a billboard, that's content for them. Where we put together events where they meet each other and they network. And so for me, I think of a bank as an archaic term we had to have in the 1950s when you needed a brick and mortar institution holding your dollars. And now in this new age, have to think about as here's the company that's licensed and regulated to hold your money and has federally guaranteed insurance by holding your money
[07:19:17] and seeing the inflows and outflows, combining that with AI, what can it now tell you about your business that you didn't know before that would help you grow. That's the direction we're actually moving. I love that. And like for those of you who are on the stream, who saw Cody Sanchez earlier, I think there's some callbacks to that in terms of like helping help like really it comes down to helping people grow their businesses, right? So for creators, that's a creator business where they're like for either heart and soul and two, eight, one, be able to go to that for maybe you know, folks who are coordinating events, maybe that's an angle we should think about with the platform here. How do you really
[07:19:47] focus on, you know, helping them grow their top line, their bottom line, like really just to bring revenue into their own business. For me, and I've had Cody and my podcast as well. And I think of it as the exact purpose of what we're doing right now is also the answer to your initial question. Gropbot might initially be adopted by all of us in San Francisco who are very AI-pilled. But the broader goal for AI to truly have a beneficial effect on the economy is for everybody to learn how to use it. And I think you've done with Gropbot, you've built to any user interface and with familiarity such that we hope one day
[07:20:18] all small meme business owners would use it, right? like Joe Palmer might want to use that. And that's why I think it's really interesting to your initial question. We're building it for an initial use case, which is like us. But if we get the primitives, right, it should be able to expand to much bigger demographic. That's what we're doing at Carrot. That's also what we're doing right here right now. We're doing the pop up for us, but eventually it could be a pop from Brothers. Yeah, I love that. So I think we have three minutes left. My one thing I'm curious about before we cut over to Shoe. When it comes to creators and Grockbot,
[07:20:50] like what do you think for any of the creators who are watching and listening on the stream right now? Like what are some cool ways creators could use Rockbot? Just from your experience kind of having put the product a little bit and kind of having hung out with us for a bit. So my main thought is AI is most useful. And this actually, I believe comes from CatchyPT. AI is most useful when it generates output that is both correct and verifiable, right? The main issue today is when it's not verifiable, you don't know if it's good, that's how you get quote unquote slop. I think for creators, what's correct and verifiable is actually less the creative part of what they do yet.
[07:21:21] It's more the monetizable piece. So if you're creator, brand deals, right? Today, you're traditionally once upon a time in Hollywood dependent on agents and gatekeepers to figure that out. Now anybody can build a brand online and then go and monetize it by finding the right brand partners by having four different rock bots, right? One to figure out which of the right brands to reach out to. The second is actually go and reach out to them. There is to negotiate the race. The fourth is to come up with content ideas. Like that's just one example for a creator. I think there are versions of that for every business owner, you just look at your workflows and ask, what is a workflow in loop that is verifiable?
[07:21:53] Like I can look at it and know if it works. Like coding is an example of a loop that's verifiable. That's where you should go and have crockboxes go crazy. I love that. I love that. Cool. Well, with a minute left, I guess, you know you said you're not super active on X-mas. Tons of love in the chat. Where can people find you? Where can people learn more about what you're doing? On X, sadly, it's just my company how try carry it. It's like not very large. I am so sorry. If you Google, it might be larger up to this. It might be, if you Google me, you can find all the other places
[07:22:24] that I'm online and bigger, but I would never dare say their name while we're here on X because that's the main platform we're talking here about. So I just want to say, it was so much one coming on and like to all the folks listening, look, you can see the excitement. We're just like, oh my gosh, look what we can do with Grockbot. I think that's really the tick we want you to take away as well. And yeah, this has been a lot of fun. Unfortunately, and if you say I can say turn it a pumpkin, it's been lovely getting to say hi. Awesome. Yeah, it was so nice to have you. Yeah, yeah. Thank you so much. Awesome. Next, uh, ready, Howard from San Francisco,
[07:22:55] we got Grockbot for founders. We've got to take it away. Hmm. All right. Hello, everyone. Welcome. Really excited you all are here. And thank you for letting me interrupt the cooking session
[07:23:25] that's happening on the live stream. And also for joining this workshop about Grockbot for founders. I'm Shubb and I spend a ton of time with founders helping them optimize their GROC bot setups and ship quickly And so I'm very lucky to be pushing this product to its limits and today I want to share some of those learnings with you guys and hopefully get into some live demos So let's get straight to it I'll start with what we're going to talk about over the next 60 to 90 minutes We will run through some really quick context around GROC bot why it's particularly useful for founders
[07:23:59] And then finally, obviously some demos, we got to have those. We will close out with some tips for power users that people seem to love. And then also try to do some Q&A for at least the folks that are here with us present live. The final bonus piece I will add is that I'll be sharing one of these bots at the end so you can steal it for yourself. I wish I had like a call now number, but you know, we'll we'll make do. Also, there will be a few of you in this session that are not founders. You will have Snuck in which is awesome. A lot of this will still apply to you, especially if you are head of X at your company.
[07:24:33] So stay posted. And for those of you with GROKBOTS watching this session, this is a time for you to probably watch it live because we got some cool stuff going on. So let's get straight to it. A few of you have probably already seen some version of an AI maturity curve. Everyone is freaking out about this these days. But for us, we are really optimistic with how the world of AI is changing. models improve and the tooling improves, we are able to scale our productivity quite a bit. And so you'll see that we started with chat bots, moved on to ephemeral agents that finish
[07:25:05] a task and then you kind of throw them away. And now bots are kind of this next iteration of what we're really pumped about, which is bots that automate your jobs and bots that you can have around for a really long time. The key part is that these bots actually compound. And I think that's the most important piece is you let them do a task, but you don't throw them away. You keep them around, you invest in them, and they get better with you, the same way an employee would. Finally, what we're aiming for is this world where you can just fully automate a staff function for yourself and scale yourself with a team of bots. And
[07:25:38] we're getting pretty close to that. And internally, we've seen some external examples of that, and I want to share some of that today. But we're really excited about what GROCKBOT can do. And I know this is all very high level. So maybe we get into the specifics really quickly. How many of you here have used GROCKBOT before? Just quick check live at least. perfect most of you it seems so I will blaze through this. Grocbot is obviously a new tool that you can talk to just like a coworker a teammate. You basically text it like iMessage and it can go off and do a lot of really cool things
[07:26:10] for you. It is very proactive and very ambitious and the reason it can do those things is because we have armed it with its own computer. So unlike traditional agents where they don't have the MCP or the API or some sort of direct connection to what they need to do. GROKBOTS can go off and do things on their own, even if they don't have the perfect level of access. And we'll get into how that works in the demos really quickly. But they learn from you. They're proactive, like I said, and they have their own device. And so they can not only connect to other products directly, but they can use your tools
[07:26:43] the same way you would. And I'll explain what that means in a second. But overall, what you need to know is you can assign GROKBOTS tasks completely end-to-end. So for you, all you need to do is delegate to them and the mental load of having to check on your agents and make sure they've done their work is gone because in the ideal state, a bot just handles the full end to end flow for you, just like a colleague with and they just figure it out as I like to say. Okay, with that. Obviously, ton of founders in here and so you probably know what Grocbot is and you're wondering what can this thing do for me.
[07:27:17] And so there are a few things that are really important to understand. First, you all know your responsibilities as founders, right? You have three key execution pieces that either make or break your company. And those are one, you need to preserve your focus. You have a trillion things hitting you all day. Two, you need to do that while maintaining velocity across all of the things that your team is shipping. And then finally, you need to really protect your ability to make great high quality insights all day. decisions and planning for the future. And GROKBOT is uniquely positioned to make all of this
[07:27:51] way easier. You'll see some features up here on this slide, but I think most importantly, GROKBOT can handle all of the distractions in your day-to-day work. The stuff that is necessary, but not necessarily the most important, you can just hand off to GROKBOT. And that mental load that it saves you is probably more important than anything else I'm going to talk about today. And so it's worth you taking the time to audit what that means for you. the second is like I said, it can get its tasks done end to end. And so that means you really want to prompt your bots to do all of the work for you.
[07:28:22] Not just parts of it the same way you're used to today, but really do all of it. That includes the execution and the verification of what it's done. And then finally, I think there are large amounts of information that we're all consuming every single day. My screen time on X today is very embarrassing and I'm sure your guys hopefully is too. And what that means is there's just a constant flow of information. In order for you to maintain the same level of quality on your insights, you need to find a way to triage that entire fire hose. And Rockbots are really well positioned to do all of that.
[07:28:54] Okay, with that, it's pretty clear to most of us now that this is the best time in history to build something, especially in software. And Lingji, who's one of our engineers he was talking earlier, mentioned that he can ship way faster with Rockbot than he ever could before. I'm sure all of you have seen this at this point by kicking off Cloud agents. There is disability to delegate these full tasks that I will harp on forever. You can automate a lot of the pieces that you have to think about constantly with routine. So you can have them set on schedules, on web hooks, on signals.
[07:29:26] So that once they're taken care of once, they can just happen forever. And then finally, and I think most importantly on this slide is, you can do things that don't scale, except you can actually scale them, which is really cool. I'll get into a demo around how that works, but we've all heard the stories of how most startups win their first customer. There's some sort of hacky approach where you build some very niche super janky prototype and just hope that it works for them. And then when they finally signed that contract, you breathe a sigh of relief and then you do it a hundred times again. And so with this and with Grockbot, you can now.

[07:30:00] Take all of this happen without the constant headache that comes with it. And I'll get into a demo about that in a second. But we're very excited about what this means for founders specifically, because you're all generally the most high agency people out there. And so if you have a product that enables that agency, we get to some very, very cool ships coming out in the next few years. OK, let's get into some use cases that I'll be harping on today. Obviously, you all experience your own unique pain points, but these are a pretty good reference point for how you can use GROKBOT in your day to day.
[07:30:31] And the forum to talk about are first, closing customers. So this is the do things that don't scale part. It is way easier now than it has ever been to take your customers and go with them end to end without you having to do a lot of that hand holding and the intimate conversations. You can really focus on just getting your bot to handle most of it and then step in when absolutely needed. The second is product changes. As you know, engineers ship way faster now. You're probably shipping way faster and staying across that many people,
[07:31:02] shipping that quickly can sometimes leave you with some pretty embarrassing moments. There were actually times when I was demoing Grockbot in its earliest forms and we removed a certain feature that was in the sidebar and I was so used to pointing at it. And when it was unshipped because I was just busy that day, I didn't see it. And so I was kind of demoing and pointing it nothing which was really embarrassing. I hope someone else has gone through that experience because it is not fun, but this will go through how you can stay across all these product changes. The third is adapting to competitors.
[07:31:33] I think this is the most fun demo we're going to do today and also one that's been pretty useful for me at least. And so basically there is now an opportunity because these bots can work as you to go through other products and other competitors and get a lot more insight than you ever could manually. And then finally shipping feedback quickly. We all get feedback all day. Believe me, we get more feedback than probably anyone and a lot of it is not very nice. So please be nice to us. But shipping feedback quickly is super important and so I will go through how you can do that as a founder.
[07:32:06] All right, without further ado, let's meet my squad here. We're gonna go through four bots today. The first is the close bot. That is the one that handles my customer. The second is prod bot, which is what figures out what's been shipped and helps me say across all of it. The third is stockbot, that is the competition stalker. And the fourth is proto bot, which is pretty fun. It makes some designs for me, but it also turns feedback into PRs. And then we have a little guest star that I'll talk about in a second. Okay, with that, let's get into the actual demos.
[07:32:39] All right, here is my Grockbot interface. I'm on a demo interface right now. Usually there's a lot more mess on this screen, I hope it's a little cleaner and easier to parse for you guys. The first bot I'll start with is close bot. And there are two key things that I want you guys to keep in mind while I go through this. The first is remember that your bots can compound. So you can constantly be feeding them insights and information and they will store it, reference it when necessary, and get better over time, which is really important. The second thing is like I said, they can use your computer
[07:33:11] and work with your tools, which gets really important as you start to try to do things at 10. So close bot here, and I'll leave a little cheat sheet on the side for you guys. There's a few things. It focuses on prepping calls. So when you need to talk to a customer, it will do a ton of deep research on them. It'll look through our telemetry and what we've done with them and make sure that we have complete insight into how they work. And then it will finally do a walk through of what they're building and their site in case it's relevant to what we talk about. There are a few other steps, but I'll start by asking my bot to prep
[07:33:46] the call. And in this case, again, I'm in a demo environment. I don't want to leak anyone's personal data or any companies personal data, but this bot will go off and basically prep a call for this company that we're calling north wind. And the way it does this and the way I actually do this right now is it pulls all of the data for its usage. So if you are a founder and you obviously have that telemetry, it is very good for customers that are just trying out your product or on a free trial to understand what they're actually doing within your product.
[07:34:18] And then also to understand who they are. Those are probably the two most important things before you get on to a customer call because that is how you resonate with them in the quickest manner possible. Again, you don't have that long with these folks. You generally have around 15 to 20 minutes with your customers. And so what's really important is you get to the crux of what they need and match it with what you're doing. And bots help you do that really quickly. And so right now, it's going through essentially some demo prep. But what I'll show you is an example of what I tend to use
[07:34:49] day to day when I talk to founders. This is a call prep HTML file. Obviously, it doesn't look perfect and that doesn't matter because I'm not sending it to anyone, it's just for me. But basically, the goal of this is to really understand who these people are that I'm going to be talking to, what their product does, which Crockbot will research on its own, and then walking through their site. The reason the site is really important is actually because the site tells you a lot about what they care about first and foremost, which is why I like including some screenshots of what they're building.
[07:35:19] But more importantly, I am constantly finding bugs on people's sites. And it is so nice for me to just be able to go to them and say, hey, fix this thing. Look, your cookie banner is on top of your submit button. And that sucks for everyone. So just go fix it. And for them, it's really nice because they get some feedback that's super actionable. And so my bot has gotten very good at figuring out what will resonate with folks. And so I have it do this every single time. And without fail, it has found some issue that comes up with some site, which is a really cool way to open a call. So just one of those quality of life things.
[07:35:50] As we keep scrolling, you'll see these are placeholder numbers. But you'll see that you get a lot of the activity that's really relevant to what you want to talk to them about. So we know in this case that these folks already have some seats, they already have done some meetings. This product is like a meeting tool. They have some sort of arrangement. And because I can look at this graph, I can see what their usage looks like. And so I look at this every single time when I talk to founders to try and understand, are they really accelerating? And is there a specific feature that I need to work with them on?
[07:36:22] Or are they declining and there's some sort of objection that I need to get into with you guys you will all have your own versions of this use case but it is so so important to just spend five minutes before the call figuring the stuff out. Now for the really cool part that I'm a little conflicted on recommendations. The bot has gotten very good at figuring out what I need to talk to founders about in your case what you will probably need to talk to customers about. And what that means is it will give me a few key recommendations about what I should do with that founder or customer on that call.
[07:36:55] And so the most important piece for you guys is you have your customer conversations is to come in armed with some sort of knowledge. And this automates getting some of that knowledge. There are a few other pieces here. It talks about some risks. And I think the most important part is that you come in prep. You don't have to spend the hour and a half of your time doing this. It does it on a routine. So every day, it will look at my calendar and look at the meetings that I have and just prep them. And I can trust five minutes before I can go in and read that stuff. Okay.
[07:37:26] So that's part one, which is prepping the call. Part two is what happens after the call, right? We want to go end to end. We don't just want to stop there. And so the same bot also does a little bit of the compounding for me. And what that means is after every call, it will review the granola transcript and figure out what that person resonated with or didn't. And you can do this with all of your customer calls as well, right, and arm your teams with it. You basically have your bot look at every single transcript. And for example, if in this case I was talking about some new note taking
[07:37:57] feature that they didn't really care about, and they express that within the call for the next one for the preparation document, this tool will get better at making sure that I'm not talking about that feature again, unless it's really relevant. And so over time, If you give this two or three weeks, it becomes really, really powerful because not only do not have to go through other people's calls and you can leverage theirs, but your calls just get way better. And you stop tripping over yourself when you talk about the same things. Okay, that's part two.
[07:38:27] Part three is support. Basically, we have a lot of customers and a lot of them need support. And right now, there are not enough people to support all of those customers on their own, just one on one. So you need to be able to scale up your support. And a lot of founders leave this to the very last thing, believe me, I've been there. And it makes your life very, very tough to handle both getting new customers through the funnel and then also supporting the preexisting ones. And so you have a real opportunity to automate this with Rockbot. But the most important part that makes this really work well
[07:39:00] is that you spend the time empowering your bot to actually support your customers. And what that means is you not only connect it to your data, but you connect it to your billing. And you connect it to the risky pieces that you're scared to give because that is where most of the support struggle happens. And so that in combination with the compounding piece leads us to this really cool fourth section, which is activation. And so a lot of you probably know your wow moment at this point. You know when your customer is activated, you know when they're going to stick around.
[07:39:32] And so how do you incentivize more of that, right? How do you decrease time to value? One of the easiest ways to do that is to give people money so that they get there. It doesn't have to be much, right? Just getting them across that hump is what turns people into great customers. I have hooked up this bot to actually do the work and when an activation event happens, where in this case, again, I'm using a note taking app. If a template is shared with your teammates, we have $1,000, which is a crazy example, ready to send.
[07:40:02] automatically some of that email with those credits so that user or that customer can leverage those credits and they feel rewarded in that moment. And so instead of you having to monitor every single customer's journey and do this manually or taking a tool and building it from scratch, you can just offload it to your bot and not think about it again and it will run the campaign on its own. Okay, there are a few other pieces that are pretty obvious around the end-to-end customer journey, right? You want them to sign contracts, which you can get Grockbot to go back and forth with them on.
[07:40:34] You want them to figure out your pipeline and actually generate it without bound, which Grockbot is very good at. And then you want it to actually make sure that your calendar is built, and it can access your calendar and do that every single time. So these are all things that happen autonomously, and I no longer need to worry about 99% of this journey. There are cases where I want to step in with a customer and I want to understand Hey, why didn't this call resonate? I want to go deeper and for now what that means is I spend my time doing that Which is actually very enjoyable I actually enjoy talking to customers
[07:41:04] So that's what I meant when I was saying like this is little emotionally complicated for me in that some of this is really fun to do And so I have to intentionally go in and steal some of this back from my bots rather than letting them do all of it But it is a very very cool time to be able to scale to thousands of customers with just your bots instead of you having to go do this yourself. And that way, like I said, you can focus on making good decisions consistently, maintaining velocity and maintaining focus. Okay, that was bot number one. Let's go to bot number two.
[07:41:35] This is prod bot. I mentioned that example earlier where as you start to have more and more engineers shipping more things and unshipping more things you're doing yourself, you get confused around what's live and isn't. So, prod bot is basically a bot that does a lot of this work for you in terms of staying across what's been shipped. And so, I'm currently asking it to give me a daily rundown of Flylow, which is the demo surface that we used earlier in the PM conversation as well.
[07:42:08] And Flylow is a tool for flights and airlines and booking travel. And what I like to have this bot do in my actual day to day is not only go through all of the PRs and the linear issues that come in, but also walk through the product end-to-end itself. Remember, your bots have their own computer, so they can use whatever surfaces you use. And in this case, that means going through the site that the bot is assigned to, figuring out what is changed, and then mapping it to its experience.
[07:42:40] So if it has a login for the specific site, it can do a lot of this work for you. You can see some of it popping up right now. What you'll notice if I scroll through this, is it's giving me a rundown. So it gives me, here's what's shipped. These are some examples of things that have shipped recently. It also gives me things that were unshipped, so I avoid that embarrassment again. And most importantly, it will give me some decisions and some key things where, you know, now that we ship quickly, we don't intentionally make all of these micro decisions all the time. And so it tries to catch some of those that we want to be a little more intentional about.
[07:43:13] And so overall, what you end up with is a bunch of screenshots of the site. So the bot is going through it. And then also you end up with a video of the bot basically running through the site itself. And so that way, you can see what it does without having to do it yourself. So if you ever want to get in deeper, you can always ask your bot to take a video of the surface while it's doing its work, which has become the fastest way to verify if something is done well or not. The other piece is that you can connect this to your data. So you can actually see what the results of different ships are
[07:43:47] because you connect it to your metrics. And that way, instead of you having to view that dashboard all day, you just see it here and it is proactively given to you, which I think is one of the most important parts about bots that they will surface information to you as relevant and as necessary. And so I think again, what's really important is as long as you enable them to have all of the right data, They can help you make great decisions and also help you stay across what your team is shipping. Okay. Now for my favorite bot, stock bot. Right now, everyone is probably distracted by their
[07:44:22] competitors and it is very easy to ship things but what's not easy is checking what other people are shipping. And so, what stock bot does is it basically will go find your competitors, It will sign up for autonomously and go through their product. Then it will give you a full rundown of basically everything they do. So that includes what they've shipped, their change log, what they're posting on X, who they're hiring for, which is actually a really good way to get signal on what people are building.
[07:44:55] Finally, just who their team is and what they're prioritizing. And over time, this also compounds. As they learn about more and more competitors, your life becomes easier because you start to get more signals and how to position yourself in the market, and then also how to counter position to what they're shipping. And so what I'll do right now is kind of ask it to do a competitor pulse right now. And basically I want it to check on notion and craft. Those are the two hypothetical competitors
[07:45:25] we have with this note taking app. And so it will go off and do all of this in parallel. And it has been doing this for a while. So it is constantly running pulses. You see some of its routines on the side here. And what you'll notice is that these routines run relatively often every few days. But what that also means is I don't have to do this myself. It will run the routine, come back to me if there's something relevant, and if not, it will stay silent and do its thing. And so this is one of those ambient bots
[07:45:56] that's really important to just have around because it will get a lot of this work done for you around competitor analysis, and you don't really need to think about it. And as you get exposed to more and more of these decisions that these companies are making, you actually start to build the muscle around why your decisions are different. And you start to understand truly what you're positioning is relative to there. So you'll notice it's cooking and doing some of the research work. What we see here is, let's start with CRAC, which is a note taking app. Basically, it has created a little tear down in HTML
[07:46:28] if this thing loads. If not, we can just look at it here. It, again, just created a video where it's going through and it will sign up, it'll put in its information, it'll use a throwaway email address and then basically go through the entire flow. So this is the onboarding flow and it's looking through, hey, what is different about their onboarding versus our onboarding and it gets you to the start page. It will also start to actually like test it itself. So it will write in craft, which is again,
[07:47:00] this note taking app, and tell me what went well and what didn't, and then give me a little overview of how it works. Craft is not hiring actively right now, so that's good for us to know. And then the final thing that I've done with this one, which might be corporate espionage, but do what you want with it and be responsible, is basically I have it, email people that have churned off. A lot of you have insights into where your customers are churning. So you know from Salesforce or whatever your tool is that X customer left to Y tool.
[07:47:33] And so you can actually go and have your bot reach out to them and understand why that is. You don't need to go win them back in that moment, but just getting that insight is really, really important. And so if you have that signal, it's another good way to course correct your positioning versus others. You can see the same thing for Notion. Notion has a bunch of hiring and so I've kind of asked it to truncate because they're hiring a ton of people, but it's still important insight to get. And so I'm showing you these two examples and this is one where it's signed into its own notion account. It authenticated via email and is basically doing work in it
[07:48:08] and giving me what that experience looks like. As it starts to see the differences in what's shipped, it will focus on those specific things. Okay, enough about this bot, but what I will say is I will share this bot after this, and I will toss up a QR code, so if you wanna steal it, you totally can't. All right, let's move on to bot number four. So bot number four is my proto bot. And this bot is basically really good for just thoughts that I have in my head when I want to get them prototyped,
[07:48:39] but also it's really good for when we get customer feedback. And we want to just explore what this would look like to ship. And so what proto bot does really well is it actually has right now its own version of GROC bot running on its computer. And I think I've shared this a few times before, but I've given it its own account that is not it. It has its own separate entity and it runs through a lot of different bots, test them out and helps me with some of my prototyping and also QAing. But I think most importantly, and the reason this matters is because it has
[07:49:10] access to its own product, it can do a lot of this prototyping with the context of what the product looks like today. So if I say pull the most recent customer feedback, it will find some demo feedback, and then it will probably just start working on fixing it. And so you as a founder can probably envision yourself and your product piping all of your feedback channels. So that means things like X, your support inbox or any other signals that you see in your emails
[07:49:43] and putting them all into a single pipeline that goes to a bot that just kicks off PR and solves them. That's kind of how some of our engineers work internally, which is very cool because you'll see the full feedback The full feedback loop of feedback to ship to deploy happen in hours, which is awesome. And it happens automatically and organically, which is very cool. So I think you guys all know that adapting to feedback is really important, especially in the early stages. You still need to make the choice about which feedback
[07:50:13] to take versus not, because you're the visionary. Your job is supposed to be to figure that out. And in this case, the fact that you can move this quickly means the main bottleneck should be your decision making. It should be whether this feedback should be shipped or not. And so it will basically do the work. Right now it's saying that the customer thinks that the share button for bot templates isn't exciting enough and they want it to pop. So it'll probably end up working on that for a little bit, which is very fun.
[07:50:44] In the meantime though, what I will show off is two final bots. One is my YAP bot. So this bot has one purpose and one purpose only. It is built and exists to talk like me. So it looks through my emails, Slack, I message, any other form of communication that I've done. And it learns from how I talk. And it doesn't just learn once. I think this comes back to the compounding piece. It learns over time. So every week or so, or you can set it to whatever schedule you want, it will take everything I've sent for the day
[07:51:16] because it has access to all those tools. And essentially learn from them and get better over time. So now I can trust this bot to go and talk as me. And what you'll notice is these other bots are actually coming in and asking it for help. So they are proactively bringing in yeah bot to go talk like me across all of the different surfaces. And I don't need to do this myself. After they do this a few times, or I encourage them, like I said, they learn to loop in the other bots as needed. And this bot might seem like a small one because it's very simple.
[07:51:47] But it's so important, especially if you're trying to do any sort of outbound or move quickly on communications. It's nice to have a bot you can just trust to do this stuff. Obviously you have some emails that are really sensitive. So you might ask it to just keep them as drafts rather than just sending them right away. But even then, it will learn from the delta between the draft it created and what was actually sent and get better and better over time with the end vision being that you don't need to think about it at all. Okay, final tip. I have a miscellaneous bot, and this bot has one job,
[07:52:18] which is basically to be kind of a trash can for all of the random requests I have. Today I wanted to see if Drake's album dropped. It is not yet sadly, but what's really cool about this one is I can just ask it random things without polluting the context of the other bots. And if it ever has any important tasks to do where it needs to transfer that context, I can just ask and say, hey, you learned about XYZ, go tell prod bot about what you've learned so that it can get better in the future. Sadly, Drake's album is an out. It checked Instagram, but who knows?
[07:52:48] We'll get there maybe later tonight. Okay, those were all my bots. I think ProtoBot is still going. It's kicking off a cloud agent and hopefully it finishes sometime soon. But you'll notice because it has access to Grockbot, it can actually just take a look at the interface without needing to go find it anywhere. And it can drive it and queway it. And as these tests happen, it's very easily verifiable whether it's shipped the right thing or not. And so I think all of these bots are very powerful. And most importantly, they're all powerful in conjunction.
[07:53:20] So when close bot gets some feedback, it can pass it to proto bot. Or when prod bot is trying to get across some of the key product decisions that we've made, it can pass that context off to close bot so that it can sell the right stuff. And overall, I think the key framework that you folks need to keep in mind is you want to start to try and productize yourself as much as possible. and give away all of your Legos, no matter how delightful they are, so that you can focus on the highest leverage thing. Because that is what helps you win in a world where everyone is shipping just as fast,
[07:53:52] if not faster for now. So keep all that in mind, but those are my bots. Let's go back to the presentation. Okay, some final pieces. What we learned, let your bots run free. I am going to say this forever. Give them access to as much as you are possibly comfortable with because that is the only way they will be able to do work end to end. You want to invest in them. So you might find times where you need a course correct abot. And with an agent you might have the instinct of, man, I spent too many tokens on course correcting it. The context is polluted. Let me just get rid of it and start a new one.
[07:54:26] In this case, your key advantage is that your bots get really good as you spend more time with them. And obviously as the team has learned internally, the more time you spend, the better you do. And so it's really important to really believe in your bots the same way you would with employees. And the other piece to keep in mind here is the other way to invest in them is by giving them really good skills and tools. So it's very easy to say, hey, make this cooler, and that could be your prompt that you want your bot to execute on. But obviously it's not going to do a great job, and it's going to probably get stuck somewhere and ask you a few questions.
[07:54:59] The more intentionality you put behind that task in the first place, let's you repeat it over and over again without that many hitches. And then finally, it is worth you taking one to two hours and just thinking about your day. I know that sounds dumb. I know you're like, I need to move quickly, but it is so, so important to just take the time. I don't care when, just do it and figure out what you want to delegate. Because doing that intentionally will save you so many hours versus just spinning up bots and hoping they do things for you without having a true intent around what they should do.
[07:55:33] Okay, now I have a bonus round with some tips and tricks. I was watching the live stream earlier and some people were like, this is expensive, which is true in some ways, not true in others and we're working on it. But there are some really easy high leverage tips that can make your life a lot easier. The first is that browser use is super powerful and it unblocks your bot from doing a lot of things that it couldn't do if it didn't have MCPs or APIs or some other connection. But it's also expensive to run multiple times.
[07:56:04] And the easiest way to solve for this is to buy us towards using APIs and using interfaces that people have already built or to actually kind of hack it a little bit. You can ask your bot to look at network requests while it does a task once and then figure out which APIs are being hit while it's doing that task. And then go and start to just hit those directly which takes way less time, first of all, And it's also way more token efficient because you are no longer needing to go through
[07:56:34] the browser interface and you can just do it all directly. So ask your bot. And this is true for all optimizations by the way that you guys have probably been thinking of or taking notes on. Always just ask your bot how to do it because it will figure it out for you, which is very nice. But be wary of browser use more than once. And if you can get around it and scale quickly, you absolutely should. Second piece, routines. When I was looking through some of the data around the frequency of routines that people set, a little shocked, and it freaks me out how often
[07:57:05] you guys are running things. But I think the most important part about routines is to audit them. And you don't have to do this yourself. Again, get a bot to do it for you. But the most important piece is be very intentional about how often your routines are running. They're really powerful, but most people over index on how often they need to be running. And they think this routine is so important, I need to run it every 15 minutes, which comes out to 100 times a day. So that is a very expensive routine. See if you can be a little more nifty with them. So it's not just running them fewer times.
[07:57:36] If you really need a routine, try and run them on webhooks or try and run them with some sort of inbound signal that will let your bots actually take in an input and then run it, rather than just having it blindly run on a schedule. So those two things alone will probably save you a bunch and tokens. I know there was some demand for that. OK. Even more final tips before they came me off stage. Make a voice bot. Obviously, I love mine. Please do this for yourself. It is the most underrated way to get words out to other people.
[07:58:06] It's have a bot that copies your voice. Import your cookies. This lets you stay signed in across a lot of different tools. And it also stops you from having to constantly take over the bots computer and help out. Group bots by expertise. This is kind of a personal preference thing, but I love having my bots grouped by what they do. And so if a bot is really good at just handling a customer, I will give it everything customer related. And if a bot is really good at data analysis, that will be its sole job. Because sometimes there are weird compounding pieces
[07:58:40] And so when you're giving it to what feel like completely different tasks, you can still get some of the compounding benefits as long as they all fall under the same expertise. There are a few more on here, like great skills, which we talked about, how bots can learn from you, and then auto optimization routines. But I think the last one is also pretty important. having a bot that just exists to optimize your other bots. That means better routines, figuring out where they went wrong, or where you had to ask multiple times for something, and then making sure that doesn't happen again. And overseeing how the other ones work and improving them
[07:59:12] is way easier than having to do a lot of this yourself. So save yourself the time. You set it once and then you forget it, which is really nice. And I don't see enough people doing that. Okay, so that is close to the end of what we've been doing here. Thank you for your time and attention. I am going to leave a QR code for stockbot. If you guys want to steal it, it's a fun one. You should try and use it on us. I think that would be cool. I want to see what people come up with. But I really appreciate everyone being around. I think one of the coolest parts about these bots and where they're headed is just how creative you can be the.
[07:59:51] the amount of different bots and different combinations of bots that I've seen has really blown me away. And I think founders of the
 perfect group to figure out the edges of this entire thing. I don't think we've hit the limits yet. And as we get closer and closer to figuring out what these bots can actually do and what they can't, we're gonna be looking for signal from you guys. So really appreciate it. If you are on the live stream, we're gonna send you back to Matt Lauren in motion to go and continue cooking.
[08:00:22] So appreciate it, thanks. Okay, for those of you here, we will take 15 minutes and answer some questions have. So we'll have some facilitators who maybe have mics if not just yell really loudly and we'll go from there. So raise your hand if you have a question and we'll get after it. Yes, up here. The idea of treating bots like humans, so you should spend one to two hours setting bots up. Do
[08:00:55] you have a framework or suggestions as to how you actually do this? What's the way in which you create jobs or roles and responsibilities for a bot? Yeah, the question is like what's the the best way to set them up, essentially. I think when you're trying to be intentional, there are two things that matter. One is figuring out what you need them for. So actually inventoring every single thing that you need to do is pretty important because then you can start to group those things. And like I said, I like my bots to be experts. And so they will have a very specific domain
[08:01:26] that they're good at. And then they will expand their scope as I have more questions for them outside of that domain. And so I trust them to do things outside of what they've been assigned. But for the most part, I try to group them in, you know, your finance bot or your job is, you know, the customers or your job is like marketing generally. And that's worked for me. Some people really like having the chief of staff bot that manages the others. I personally am not a fan, but it really comes down to personal preference, right? If you're someone who just wants all of the work abstracted away, then you just want to talk to one.
[08:01:57] It's a good way to go. But if you really like being a little control freak and getting into the weeds, I think having multiple bots that are all experts that you can then train up is kind of a good way to go. And I would love to give them little XP bars for something as you go, but, you know, we'll see. Yes, right here. I just I just had a question about managing broadcasts on multiple computers. Is there any tips for that to work kind of a not get confused in the whole ecosystem. Yeah, yeah, so I think like a week ago, bots would get pretty confused across multiple computers. You have them.
[08:02:32] That is something that we're actively working on, making better. I know there are a lot of folks that used to be on other setups and had stacks of MacMoney's lined up and they want to utilize all of them. So it's something we're actively investing in. Right now, that should actually work a lot better. So if it doesn't, we should chat. But yeah, thank you for the question. Great. Hi. Yeah. When it comes to serious enterprise use and you have actions and decisions. So is there a way of putting those,
[08:03:06] like having those decisions follow a certain deterministic rule or policy that is outside the model, like to ensure everything is safe, it doesn't do anything without going through that rule. Yeah, so the question is like, how do we make sure that models act deterministically in this tool? Well, they inherently don't, sadly, But the easiest work around there is probably to make sure that your model's just right code.
[08:03:37] And code itself is inherently deterministic. So as long as you kick off cloud agents to write in code, and you give it a little decision tree, it can basically play the deterministic part. And then you just tell the model to call that function every single time you need it. You can tell bots to ask other bots for permission if you need to. But I think the better way to go about it is just to give it a rule and say, every single time you need to make a decision related to this,
[08:04:09] look at this flow chart and then execute it. And as long as it has some sort of code to execute on that is verifiable, it will be able to cause play being deterministic. Yeah, cool. Yeah, yeah. I think one of the things that is very disfigured
[08:04:42] is that they could be rather than studying that. Two answers to that. The question was, is there like a good way to import all of your setup from other tools. One, working on it right now, I have a pretty cool bot that I wanna share in the next few days that should make this a lot easier. But two, I think part of this is making sure that all of your connections are interoperable, right?
[08:05:13] Like there's, you have your collection of MCPs and APIs that you already access and right now they're probably dispersed among a bunch of different tools. And I think the easiest way to bring them all together is the same way you're kind of doing it with agents and skills, right? Like where you either have them simlink or have a direct source of truth to handle all of them. On the Linux piece, it makes it a little more difficult, but I think there are some cool integrations you can use. Like one password is an easy one, where if you just import everything in
[08:05:44] and then use the MCP, it does a really good job of figuring out all that out for you. And then the other is cookies, like I talked about, where you can import all your cookies from Chrome or your browser, and then you just use those sessions within your box. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So there are a few authentication pieces that we're still figuring out, right? And then the other pieces, we have some companies who are like, hey, we don't actually want bots on our platform.
[08:06:16] Our goal is to be good ecosystem players overall. And so those are challenges that are going to exist across any tool in this ecosystem, but it's something we're actively working on. So that's a good question. Yeah, it's when we're asking ourselves. How was it? Yeah.
[08:06:46] But then I ran into a problem with YouTube. I was trying to get as a piece, I think he is all the, do I have to do it? Like in this blog, he had been doing empty, doing the browser and just fear this out and just give me what I want. So is it happening or like, what am I missing? Or like, how can I do it? I think, so the question is like, hey, this kind of isn't working for me, right? Like, I'm trying to authenticate into this tool and it's asking me for all this stuff. like, how do I deal with it? I think it just depends on your setup, right?
[08:07:18] And I think one of the best ways to use GROKBOT is to just ask it to figure this stuff out and not be super prescriptive on the tool. So for me, the reason I landed on granola in the end was not because I'm a huge granola fan. It's literally because it was the easiest form factor for GROKBOT to pull transcripts and get me the insights I needed, especially for things that are happening on device. Over time, that might change. And my bot that is working on optimizing my other bots will probably figure out, hey, wait, this is now a first class, like first party integration.
[08:07:49] And I want to use that instead. So I think being less prescriptive on the tools should help, but also your point has heard, right? Like it's, it is really frustrating when you're trying to connect a tool and it just doesn't work on its own box. So I think parts of it are just getting more creative right now as we're in the early stages. And the gop is eventually, we are able to handle all of this demand across all of these different tools. we start to introduce more plugins in the marketplace. Great question. You, yes.
[08:08:20] Not yet. Yeah. We'll see. Good question. Yes, right here. Yeah, hey, Shubb. So a lot of legacy services either don't have APIs or have API access that cost much more than the UI access. How fast is this drop by going to the third? Yet we're kind of the answer that we're looking for instead of using the APIs. There will be just as fast as kind of going through the UI flow. Yeah, so the question is like, how do we make sure that going through UI flow can eventually get just as quick
[08:08:51] as using an API? Yeah, or are there things that we can do to make it? Cool, I think that's a good question. I think that there are two things that help optimize here. One is trying to go headless as much as possible. So using a headless browser to just do a lot of this work quickly for you. And that way, you don't have to navigate UI. You just basically give it commands to click pieces in the DOM instead of having to look at it, screenshot, make a decision, rinse and repeat. And the second thing is we're doing a lot of work on our model
[08:09:21] to make them faster and better with computer use. So I think overall, the promise of being faster than an API is a little tougher, especially as you add more layers to it, because inherently the performance is worse. But our goal is to get as close as we can and over time that's kind of where we're headed. Cool. Yes, right here. Manic, question about how do you make sure Yeah, so the question is like how do we optimize for multiple GROC bots and then if we're trying to be really aggressive with them, how do we make sure they make good decisions on themselves, is that right?
[08:10:07] And also token optimization. Okay, so the first thing is right now we have this feature that you all can use that is like putting bots in a group chat. And that comes up with pros and cons. The pros are that you get a bunch of bots that are really eager to do a lot of work for you and they can work together, which is cool for a very complicated task for you to loop them all in. The con is that they will all talk. They all love to talk. And because they're all proactive and ambitious when you put them in a group, they will start to speak over each other.
[08:10:37] And they will work really hard, but they will also get really expensive as they start to do more and more. And so I think the part to be cautious about is whether that's the right form factor. Sometimes you just want to bot to tag two other bots once and work with it separately versus having them all in a group chat and watching them all respond like crazy. So I think that's one that you probably want to stay away from for now. Two is on the token optimization model optimization. I think we're obviously constantly working on making sure the bots are using the right model for the job across everything like browser use and even internal bots.
[08:11:11] But I think the harder question is when happens when you're shipping right and which models you use the way that gets solved today is just by using cursor or rock build and using those cloud agents you can specify which models they use yourself you want to tune it and you can even give them defaults defaults, you just asked model like, hey, I want you to use XYZ model for this specific task every single time. The final piece I'll say is not many people know this. You can just message your bot and tell it to forget things. So if you're finding out that it's referencing a piece of context way too much, you can just
[08:11:45] say, hey, forget all things about how we generated your profile picture. Just don't ever think about that again, and it does a pretty good job about clearing that out and becoming better, which also helps with that token efficiency. Yeah, thanks, man. Let's go back there. White shirt. Yeah, the question is, how would I rate or rank? Okay, how would I rate the bots on the marketplace?
[08:12:20] Yeah, so how do I evaluate whether a bot is valuable on the marketplace? So we have our internal marketplace, x.ai slash bot slash marketplace, I think. And that marketplace is really cool and useful because it is all hand-authored by us right now. And so we have a lot more bot templates than you can imagine, but we're making our best effort to go through and find the actual most valuable ones. And then if we get consent, we try and optimize them for folks.
[08:12:51] And then if they're good enough, we put them on our marketplace. The easiest way to check whether a bot is doing a good job is honestly, to just try it yourself for the most part. And mostly, spots you can ask it in initial setup questions, say, hey, what do you do and how do you do it without actually having it run through the whole process? And that way you can do a little bit of that self-selection early. But the one thing I can't say is at least for our marketplace, you can probably trust the bots in there because they've gone through a pretty thorough review, which not only includes human review but also we have bots that review the bots that you guys saw,
[08:13:23] which is pretty fun. Cool. Yes, right here. Got it. So the question is how do bots talk to each other across people? So across people and across accounts. It's something we're working on and we're trying to see what the best form factor is across all of it. It does not exist in our in our capabilities. But it is very cool use case and we are excited for that one. Yeah, back there.
[08:14:24] First of all, he said codex. Everyone get him. I think. Good answer. Okay, so the question is, how do we use local and, you know, the bots computer at the same time. The first thing I'd say is go to your settings and turn on local execution. So you can just allow it, allow it by default. you want, that's kind of the easiest way to go. And that lets you do some cool stuff. It lets you send messages from your computer directly. It lets you drive your browser if you really want to.
[08:14:55] And so you can do local execution. The reason we bias towards moving so much of this to the bots computer is because we think that's the future. We think as models get better and faster and obviously the computer gets stronger. You get a lot of your work done and delegated off of your device. And there are a few reasons why doing things locally is kind of janky even if it's convenient in their near term. And those are one, especially for certain apps unless they've been solved for, they will just pop up on your screen while you're working,
[08:15:27] which means you can't do things in parallel. People are trying to fix that, but it's not a perfect solution. And then two, they use up your computer's resources, which gets really annoying if you're doing some high intensity stuff. But it's definitely heard and you can use it right now if you really want to, just go to setting. Yeah, good question. Yes, all the way back. I could not hear that, sorry. Got it.
[08:15:58] So the question is, do all the bots share the same memory? They do not share the same memory, but they do share the same file system. So a bots computer is actually one VM with a bunch of different instances for each bot. The same way you would have different desktops on your computer, and they share files. So you can have them read each other's files, and they will actually proactively do that if they need to for a task. But their context window is obviously not the exact same. That's what you're asking. Cool. Thanks. Yes, right here.
[08:16:49] Got it. So the question is around the interplay of cursor cloud agents and then GROCKBOT, right? We actually have a first class integration, which is kind of a perk of having GROCK and Cursor be together, where you can kick off cloud agents and GROCKBOT can transfer only the relevant context to them. And that means that they can work independently as a cloud agent and then come back with the results. And then what GROCKBOT can do, as long has access to the environment is it can actually go and QA it, it can test it, it can even look at the PR or whatever has been shipped and work with it directly.
[08:17:21] So I think the most important part is actually figuring out when to use a cloud agent versus when to just use rock bot. And I think anytime you have some sort of complicated task or something that you want to ship and you want full control over which models being used and you want to be able to go and really change things. That's going to use the cursor Cloud Agent, but I think trying it out a few times will actually get you the intuition you need to answer that question for yourself. So highly recommend just like spinning up a few and getting them to ship things and you'll find that it does a surprisingly good job with the orchestration piece when it hands things off to Cloud agents.
[08:17:54] You just have to specify once. Cool. All right. That seems like all the questions we had. a few more really quick notes. One, starbase. You can win a trip to starbase, which is very cool. I don't know if I'm eligible for this or not, but I hope I am. This is a pretty simple challenge and it is a very cool like once in a lifetime opportunity. So highly recommend trying it out. I don't know how we got this proof, but basically we have a challenge post that went out.
[08:18:27] All right. You also get a plop of one. Okay. Yeah, can you hear me? Okay, awesome. I can't hear them. I can't hear their sound yet. Hopefully.
[08:19:32] Okay, I can hear you. I just can't. Yeah. Oh, but you're done now. Okay, you got a steady. Yeah. Okay, cool. Awesome. I got you. We just got to give it an intro, but we'll do one more quick intro. I think just to catch everybody up and then we'll jump into the conversation if that sounds right. Sounds awesome. Oh cool. Jenny thanks so much for joining us.
[08:20:03] You lead an incredible community of women building and exploring with AI. You have a background spanning venture capital technology and community building and from what we see have developed sort of an incredibly thoughtful approach on building a media business across platform channels and formats. We're obviously building a business today and oh well I see we're joined by a special guest too so thanks for bringing on. Yeah. We got our first. Our first rock baby. Oh I love it. I I love it. Gotta teach them young. Well, we're excited for you to join us.
[08:20:35] I think we might have some sound issues in the stream, but we'll see if we can fix those. We're building a business today. I don't know how much of our stream you've caught over the course of the day, but we're working on building a business powered by GROKBOX. You know, you're a really active GROKBOX user. And so maybe we just love if you could start off by telling us a little bit about yourself and how Grockbot has been useful to you. Yeah, so as everybody can see, in addition to being a BC, being a full time
[08:21:06] creator, building an entire media empire, I also have a brand of baby. And so I have been able to basically double down on building all of my companies because I have Grockbot. So most recently I just built out my branding media agency. So I have an agency called Gemma and Media, where we're basically building executive brands. And I've got 22 Grock bot employees. So it's such a really interesting time because you normally wouldn't be able to do this kind of thing.
[08:21:38] And now because I've got all of these Grock bots running, I'm actually able to build businesses well raising a baby at home and doing these whole things all at once. So yeah, it's been pretty incredible. Tell us a little bit about these bots. 22 of them, I'm really curious. Yeah, so I have seven different businesses that I run, ranging from real estate to VC fund, to my media business, to my agency. So we've got, we basically, Chef did not like the chief of staff model, but we do have a chief of staff.
[08:22:12] We have to call on Master Chief. My husband named that. And so Master Chief basically is the chief of staff that oversees all of our different businesses, ranging from overseeing our tenants and guests in our rental properties, all the way to managing our agencies, all the way to even managing inbound brand partnerships, things like that. And so it's basically one chief of staff that is running everything, Jenny Co. You set up, it sounds like a bunch of bots. Are these sort of specific, just specific parts
[08:22:43] of the business? Yeah, I mean, why so many? And what are they all working on? Yeah, so basically we have them all doing kind of an individual task. So, you know, we've got, like, for instance, boxy is like just the inbox monitor. We've got scribes, scribes in charge of like every time we whisper flow every single meeting that we do. And then that note taker intakes it. And that's in charge of taking every single thing from every meeting and delegating it out to sub agents.
[08:23:13] We've also got like an entire CFO setup on there where it's doing all the different bookkeeping finances, keep a jargon my receipts like when I'm out for instance. They basically all kind of do a core function and then we use the chief of staff to spin them up and do essentially that group conversation that's just talking about. Like they literally jump in on a project altogether and essentially chat and get everything spun up. So.
[08:23:45] I lost some ideas. We've been pivoting a little bit as we kind of figure out. We started today kind of. We're going to build a business in 72 hours And obviously you have some experience there, both building and advising. And so we're really keen to just learn from you a bit think about how we should improve our idea or kind of change our idea. So I think we're working through a couple of things on our side around in person pop up, thinking about how we might allow folks to connect to local businesses.
[08:24:18] That's been a really interesting angle as part of the day. Also exploring some ideas around how we might let folks who are located near us, maybe jump in and join the fun, perhaps virtually in some way too. And so we're just love to learn from your experience around events, businesses and planning these types of things. Like what comes to mind? And we're like, we think we want to go software from popups. Great idea, not great idea of things that might work, things that we should keep in mind. Yeah, so I saw you just on with Eric, my buddy.
[08:24:49] And he had a lot of great ideas. So the last thing I saw that we were like walking through the inventory of merchandise. And so I think what would be really cool to understand is like right now, where are we at with like the actual popups and the scheduling and everything that we actually want to execute? Like can we get up to speed on where you left it off with him? Yeah, we're like very behind. So we have a lot of ideas. Yeah, yeah. We have a list of like places we can reach out to. We haven't actually done any of that work.
[08:25:21] So we could start thinking about that, but that's where we're at. OK, so do you guys mind just turning it up? Can the producers turn up the volume a little bit? You guys, your mic is still down a little low. OK, cool. Can you hear me all right now? Yeah, now I can. Awesome. I'll see you on a little bit. Basically, we still have to reach out in place. We have some good venues that we can check out, but we don't really have the logistics of how we work this thing out. OK, so the good news for y'all is that in addition
[08:25:51] to building a VC fund. I also built one of the biggest pitch competitions in the world. So I'm very familiar with venue selection. So in terms of the venues that we're looking at right now, we're focusing on SF, right? That's right. Yeah. OK. So have we done any sort of like putting together a criteria with one of the bots of identifying what we need in the venue? Yeah. So loosely, like, hey, we want about 100 guests. We want kind of a warehouse space. We want it to be nice and open so we can have like sort of a gallery inside that in that space.
[08:26:23] Maybe a little bit more than 100 I think, but that's about the extent of that. Okay, so the first thing I can tell you as an event producer is like we need to think through venue logistics to add to it. So before we have a bot go search out for venues, we need to get a little bit more detail. So number one, what's the timing we want to do? Thinking sometime in the next month, maybe? Next month, maybe a little bit longer. Maybe a little longer. I have to get some permits or something. I don't know how to ask. Well, so that's the next question I'm going to say. So as somebody who's produced a lot of big conferences,
[08:26:54] permits are a big thing in the state of California. They love permits. And last conference had more than a dozen different types of permits. So are we thinking alcohol is involved? We'll say no, just to make things really simple. What if we said no? OK. You do streamline things quite a lot. Do we want food? OK, yes. 100%. OK. We want served hot food, or are we doing grab and go? We're thinking serve hot food. Yeah. OK, so these are all the details that we're going to want to put into a bot
[08:27:25] to do our venue search, right? So venue searching used to take event producers, like hours and hours and hours to scan the internet and put in all this different criteria. But the best thing we can do is build basically like I call mine scout. Like this is like the search bot that can go out and identify which of the venues in the county of San Francisco meet this. So what I would do is like sketch out our capacity, which we've got. Do you want this to be in the evening? I don't think so.
[08:27:58] OK, so let's do, we want the timing, because not all venues, some venues are on 9 to 5. Some venues are closed in the evening, right? And then we're going to want to put, like, what types of food we're going to want available? Do we want kitchen facilities on site? So I would be thinking originally that some of the prep would be able to be done on site, but I can see how that would add another logistical later versus if we like hard to catering companies that then brought the food in, right?
[08:28:31] Okay, so if we're doing a catering company then you need to make sure that our venues are going to accept our catering companies. So a lot of venues in the city of San Francisco are going to have preferred vendors for their catering. So are we trying to do like bespoke or do we want to just kind of lock into what someone's already working with? Ultimately we probably care more about having a really great space and then kind of working around the constraints that the space might give us. I don't know if that's a great way to think about it, but I think, you know, look, we want to create like a really fun environment. And I think that'd be the leading thing here.
[08:29:02] And then there are things like preferences that we need to consider. Maybe that's something we could ask a rock bot to help us go research and figure out is that kind of where you're going with that? Yeah, I think that makes the most sense because the way, like the more specific we can get in the venue search, the faster we can actually get to a result of like the availability, right? So the city of San Francisco, beautiful place, 49 square miles. a very hot spot to find a venue and there's also a lot of legality when it comes to the city of San Francisco. So I think putting together a bot that does like our venue scouting specifically would be
[08:29:38] like the next step here and that bot can work in conjunction with the other details of the event. So for instance, do we have an event planner bot yet? What would we do with an event planner bot? Well, so how many popups do we want to do? Just the one? Yeah, do you want to start and then kind of figure out what we do from there.
 Okay, so then what I would want to do is it's almost like the chief of staff model, right? So we basically reverse engineer an event producer. So we have an event planner that works over top of what would be their coordinators and staff underneath, but then we build this as a bot model.
[08:30:14] I like that. So it seems like we should maybe start thinking about a team of bots that can help us go into all this works. And we have sort of like an event planner with context of the event. Yeah. And then maybe split out some bots that are more tasks. I'm curious, like, what, you know, do you think like is it email? Is it phone? Like should we think about giving our boss like the ability to call places? How would you think about that? Like the actual bot interactions with these venues and like, you know, time that into the AI and what we've done across lots of art? Yeah, so I would definitely integrate it by email. So like, for instance, I've got a bot that runs reselling all of my clothes across like poshmark,
[08:30:51] right now interfaces. My one of my bots right now is reselling close as we speak and negotiating bids with potential buyers for me. So I set a framework around how to negotiate. So we can not only have a bot that goes out and ask for RFPs for venues and availability, but we can even prompt it further to be able to negotiate and go back and forth because we'll give it parameter as around what our budget is, right? So that's one of the best things that I've been able to do with my rock butt.
[08:31:23] Is it knows how to negotiate? Totally. Okay. Okay. And okay. How did you teach your bot to be an A-flot's negotiator? And what tricks can we steal so that we have a really good, we have good luck with the negotiation part? Well, I think that we need to first of establish our budget. Have we budgeted out the actual event? We have not. And so I think what we're, I think what we need to do is we probably want to establish a baseline first, right? Like, establish a baseline for, you know, what, what venue rates look like, what maybe food rates look like and get a sense of how all this input
[08:31:54] hide together. And so maybe, you know, we kicked off some market research on ideas earlier today, but maybe also should could could kick off some market research on kind of price lines or maybe you have some some knowledge you could share with us. Yeah, so I have done this quite a while. SF is one of the price here, you know, cities for this type of thing. So I think that an event planer bot would be great for this. So you can actually ask the event planer bot to create the first production budget, right? So we We want to have, you know, the F&B costs in here, we want to have the marketing costs,
[08:32:25] we want to have any actual production costs for staffing. Even the rock pots can get us like most of the way, you are still going to need human beings doing the registration and the security. So I think that starting with the event planner actually making a production budget as a template and saying, you are a senior event planner in the city of San Francisco creating a budget for an event that meets blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then with those details, it can then go out and request RFPs to the venues that actually meet those qualifications.
[08:32:56] Okay, I'm gonna go to a rockpot right now. You are a senior event planner from the City of San Francisco creating a budget for a pop-up that will have 100 to maybe 200 guests. I'm gonna make that up. You can exchange it later. Let's say pop up event. You wanna specify event? Okay, pop up event. Because a pop-up could be outside too. We need help with a budget That includes Vinyu Costs. So includes Vinyu Costs Giannosp hybrid. So from here it's green. Yeah. Yeah. … That includes Vinyu Costs
[08:33:27] yeah, it's green and green. Yeah. And then, is there a regular version of. Will have three rounds if you do home travel and the shipyard Christianshek. And then, they were able to do it, didn't they to rout your shipyard Chinese laws of Labor, F Punjab, all in the 80s issue where the F Punjab in beverage, right? Yep. We're also going to want to know staffing costs as well. So some venues are going to provide staff with it. Some venues don't, depends on where you're working.
[08:34:00] We're also going to want to find, are we baking the marketing budget into the event, or is the marketing budget a separate line item we're using for the entire business? We just want to focus on the logistics of actually throwing the event and then we can figure out marketing separately. Okay, okay, so event promotion typically would go in the event budget too. So if you're doing any sort of like invitation design, meta ads to promote for signups or anything like that, you can either house that in your marketing budget budget for the company or in the event budget depending on how you structure
[08:34:32] the business. So both of them work, it just depends on what you see it. Do you see it serving only the event or do you see it serving the broader startup? Cool, okay, I'm going to just say let's ignore the marketing budget for now and hopefully that like helps us simplify the problem a little bit and kind of get to a baseline maybe and we can always add that in later. Yeah, sounds good. And then some other basic cause like do we want music? Do you want a DJ? Do you want AV? Okay, yeah my understanding is a lot of venues will have different options there too and so maybe
[08:35:02] we need to like let's plan for AV needs as part of this but we don't need to be too comfortable. Yeah, so I think we need to know. But I do think you want the ability to like have a microphone so that because we want it, we want to speak to the audience, right? Yeah. But part of this is teaching them about this launch. So you're going to want at least some basic AV. So like a microphone and speaker in the very least. Maybe we don't need a whole stage, but you'll want something with basic AV, big tip. Cool. Okay. So I have, I literally have just said we want mics to be able to speak to the audience and
[08:35:33] maybe we'll just have the bomb figure out what to do with that. Cool. So it'll say often once it starts negotiating with RFPs, it'll see who has AV because the goal here is the most vendors we can get in one venue. Because otherwise we're gonna have to create a bot that goes and scouts vendors separately. Okay, awesome. I'm gonna fire off this bot and maybe we'll see what it comes back to us in terms of budgets. I know we don't have a ton of time with you today, Jenny, but I'm just curious what we just did was really helpful
[08:36:05] for like one portion of how we might want to run this pop up, like let's go get a bunch of research on venues, for example. Could you give us like one of the two or three other big things that we should maybe create equivalent bots for and we can go up with some of those prompts separately, but just curious. So we have our venue budget bot. If we're like getting two more bots to make sure we really don't mess anything up. What would you recommend? To make sure we really don't mess anything up. This is I might be the first person to ever say this. This might be the first Grog bot,
[08:36:36] a permit rock bot. So I would have, so I would say can you hear me now? Yes. Okay so I might be the first person to ever say these words a permit rock bot like red tape rock bot. We need a rock bot to go research and see if there's anything legally needed for the execution of this event because SF they keep they run a tight ship. We don't want to we don't want to skirt the line.
[08:37:07] So I think a permit rock bot would be great. Yep, so and this is a great tip for anybody that's doing any sort of event like regulatory research like this is such a pain in the butt for anyone that's ever doing an event especially if you're doing them in different cities because every city is going to be different. So having a rock bot that can just check policies for anywhere where you're executing on something is a great idea. You can also obviously build like a rock bot that's doing other things internally like this that would check employee policies or any sort of policy really would work.
[08:37:39] I think a bot would be a great source of truth for that. Yeah, I think a policy bot maybe that helps us navigate a lot of that and can maybe even help us review some contracts. I don't know, I don't know, I don't want to get an actual some actual advice there. But yeah, at least the first pass, so we know we're reading that can be helpful. Yeah, yeah, cool. Yeah, yeah, I would say, well, I was going to say in terms of the, I've got a lot of friends that are, you know, attorneys and they say that you should treat the AI as kind of like a second year law student level. of review, so it's somebody that knows what they're doing, but they don't necessarily know the nuance
[08:38:10] of how things operate. So it can read the legalese of what the law says, but like what's the going right in the city and in the industry of how things shake up, right? So I think it's great for a first-pass at contracts, but we would want somebody with experience to overview beyond that. Cool. Awesome. I think that makes a lot of sense. I think that actually gives us a lot to work with for the rest of the evening when we're getting I think that's the end of the stream, but it was actually really great having you on and talking about some of these things that, you know, honestly, you have to be kind of an event planner
[08:38:41] or have gone through these experiences like you have right to know about. And maybe that's the power of being a human being and like having experiences, you know, how to direct the AI, what to get for. Yeah, so the thing that I tell people, the reason why I've been able to build out this agency on such a lean, you know, budget with all these AI is like, do it yourself as humans, build it out with what humans would do, and then kind of reverse engineer. So I think for what you guys are getting towards is the great direction. I'm curious then.
[08:39:11] So how are you thinking about this as we wrap up the day, like going into day two? Like what do we want to execute on? Yeah, I'm actually, we were actually just thinking about that right off camera a minute ago. What we want to do to kind of close off the stream is figure out like what long running agents that we should try, you know, just like executing on tonight. So I think this budget agent is definitely one where maybe we can exchange an email to make some progress. Any other sort of long running agents you think we should try getting up tonight and like working while we sleep as maybe some parting some parting thoughts.
[08:39:45] Yeah, so I definitely would say like the scout venue searching. I think like we should definitely make sure that it is searching, identifying and drafting emails for in the morning we can review everyone it wants to outbound to. So that's like my favorite thing. Like I constantly just have like the agents drafting emails for me that are waiting in the morning and I just have to hit send. I also would say like we also need to start kind of like figuring out how we're going to get people there. So an easy thing to do is like I give my agents access to meta
[08:40:17] and like they log directly into my Instagram. So like let's start sourcing an invite list. Like that's the most like basic thing is go through all the people that are verified that follow you. You can even source, like I'll tell my agent, find the 50 accounts that follow me with the highest amount of followers that are in this city. Let's start making that list and then we can pre-draft to them outbound so that we can get the most important people to be coming to the event and also sharing about the event. I love that. I think we're fortunate to have a really large audience
[08:40:47] on X today too and so that might be a great source for us too to go and poke after. But I guess with that Jenny, thank you so much. This is incredible. Thank you for being so great. I saw a screenshot of your boss earlier, we're trying to get the screen chair working, and I wasn't able to get it working. Make sure we post that somewhere. It is a masterpiece, it's how you set up the sidebar and have all these different agents running your business for you. Absolutely. I'm super excited to come to this. You guys are going to have to do this.
[08:41:17] You're going to need to make the merge like this is happening. I think it's happening. I mean, I feel like we're, yeah, well, hopefully we can figure out all the logistics We're we're think we're gonna have to figure this out. There you go. Yeah. Thanks so much. You're doing awesome. Thank you. Awesome. All right. Thank you again. For you guys. Awesome. Yeah. Cool. All right. Well, I think we have any honestly super valuable. Yeah. And I think we have about like 10 minutes left in the day. Yeah. We're about 530.
[08:41:47] So kind of update like where we're at really spend the first day I think kind of flushing out these ideas we aligned shifted two times. Yeah, we might still be shifting We brought the whiteboard in there's some things written on the whiteboard, but we still have a long ways to go and maybe Before we close out we could talk a little bit about What we learned from Jenny or where we think we're gonna take things in the next day or something Yeah Kind of just reflecting on the day and I maybe we could all end with like a few You've done with thoughts on the day. My immediate thoughts are, one is I think idea generation's really hard.
[08:42:18] I think we've definitely spent a lot of time today, poking around different ideas. And I think the other thing is there's a lot of wisdom in the crowd. Everyone we've brought on has had some unique perspective. And so kind of what I'm excited to think about while our agents are running overnight, maybe we should do something like this too, is like, how do we really lock in on one of the one or two things that we want to really ensure we can build in the next little while to make this all successful? And so yeah, I think figuring out how we get to some of that clarity would be really great. Yeah, I'm just, I think we've done a lot of like broad idea right now.
[08:42:51] So I think, how do we focus that into something? I mean, it was cool to see like, you know, we got our Slack spun up, we got everything connected, got boss writing in the notion, got GitHub setup, got ourselves setup started with a dashboard or started with like a very D1 lander kind of iterated on that a little bit, start moving forward. So I feel like we have a lot of setup stuff done, but we definitely need to kind of lock in. So I feel like we're gonna have to do that. Maybe start tonight, honestly.
[08:43:23] I don't know, what do you have to feel like? I feel like after talking to Jenny, I feel like it's quite eye-opening how difficult it is to do a pop-up in SF. Yeah. And I wonder, I guess I'm trying to think about, is this the right problem to go after? Yeah. So yeah, a lot of thinking I think we need to do. But yeah, hopefully we'll come back tomorrow, refreshed,
[08:43:55] and we'll lock in tonight and think about what we're going to build. But yeah, I think we learned a lot from our guests, you know. So yeah. Yeah. Cool. Awesome. Yeah, I mean, it was a busy day. And again, we're in San Francisco or going to build a business today and then the next two days, as a part of Dreamforce at GROCWOT Galaxy, just to wrap before we close it out, the Galaxy Live Build Challenge,
[08:44:27] the GROCWOT Galaxy Challenge corresponding to the livestream, if you create a template, you submit it, go to GROCWOT, we looks like we might have lost video. And you can submit your template there. But thanks for joining us and I think we're out. See you tomorrow.
