# Day 1: Grok Bot Galaxy Livestream — Named transcript (evidence-based)
# Source: https://x.com/i/broadcasts/1AxRnZbVpjaxl
# Short link: https://luma.link/YDHcs5LMRo
# Base: gemini-3.5-transcribe diarized; SPEAKER_XX replaced per-chunk where evidence supports.
# IDs reshuffle each ~30-min chunk. Unmapped turns keep SPEAKER_XX. See SPEAKER_MAPPING_NOTE.md
# Brand fixes: SpaceX AI→xAI (company), Grokbot/Rockbot→Grok Bot (product). SpaceX rocket factory / Starship left intact.

[00:00:00] Matt Palmer: This is product, a project, rather. We're going to build a company in three days. Uh and so we're going to start out with some intros, a little bit of background, and I'll give you the run of show. So, with me, we're going to do some intros here. Uh I have
[00:00:12] Lauren: Lauren. Hi, I'm Lauren, uh potato on Twitter. Work at work on Grok Bot at xAI.
[00:00:19] Roshan: Yeah, hey, I'm Roshan. Uh work on Grok Bot and a few other things at xAI. Uh mostly focused on product and super excited.
[00:00:26] Matt Palmer: Yeah, and I'm Matt Palmer, working developer experience. Um and the idea behind this live stream what we're going to be doing for the next couple days is that we'll be working live from a studio in San Francisco um right next to the Moscone Center at at Dreamforce. Uh and we're going to share every step of the process in building a business. We're going to talk about how we would do this using Grok Bot, using the latest AI tools uh from xAI. Um and there are going to be some mistakes. It's
[00:00:48] Roshan: Mhm. The little company handbook. Like the state of the company. And then we have to have a bot that updates the state or all the bots update the state of the company, right?
[00:00:52] Matt Palmer: not going to be perfect. We're going to walk you through everything in the process. Uh we actually don't even know what idea we're going to build yet. We're still we're still working on it. We should we should figure it out, but we're going to get to it. Um and through the three days, we're going to be mostly here in this room. Um it might get a little messy. I don't know. Uh it's probably going to get a little crazy, but we're also going to cut over to SpaceX team members who are going to share
[00:01:15] Matt Palmer: number one what Grok Bot is, how it works, and how you can use it for your job, for your life, for everything really that you care about. And you're going to see a lot of that today as we go about building our companies. Um and that first session is going to be Grok Bot 101. So, if you know nothing about Grok Bot, we worked with Roman and Amrita. They're excellent. Uh they'll walk you through everything from like how it got built to like what it is today, right? And I feel like you know, right, Grok Bot
[00:01:40] Matt Palmer: can be pretty intimidating if you've never used it before. It's a bit of a new concept.
[00:01:43] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah.
[00:01:44] Matt Palmer: I don't know. I I think I think it'll be fun to like kind of see different folks and how they use it in different ways. Um I think we have a really cool lineup of people, right? We got some engineers, we got some product people, we got some sales people. And so regardless of kind of like what you work on, hopefully you get a feel for how you how Grok Bot could be part of your daily workflow. But yeah, the 101 session I think is going to be really cool. So, yeah.
[00:02:00] Roshan: Awesome.
[00:02:01] Lauren: Yeah, I'm I'm super curious to see everybody's workflows. I mostly use Grok Bot for like personal automation and some engineering work as well, but never done it for you know, GTM or market research or anything like that. So,
[00:02:13] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[00:02:14] Lauren: I'd be curious to see.
[00:02:15] Roshan: Yeah. I feel like I always learn something too. I mean, I don't know about you guys, but like every time I see someone else use it, it's like, oh wait, I didn't know I could do that. Or like I didn't think of this particular thing. Maybe we'll come up with some of those ourselves too. So,
[00:02:21] Lauren: Oh yeah, I learned I learned Yeah.
[00:02:25] Matt Palmer: That's why I hang around Lauren. I just like
[00:02:28] Matt Palmer: Lauren, thanks for teaching me how to use Grok Bot. Um
[00:02:31] Matt Palmer: and then I try to communicate that with you all. So, uh yeah, no, it'll be super exciting. Um but before we dig in, I have I have like my you know, piece of paper here with what I'm supposed to say. There's like a super important ultra important announcement I'm supposed to tell everybody. You have a chance to to like win something, right? Like so you want to you want to listen to this one. So, um you're going to have to watch along follow along in the live stream because our Grok Bot Galaxy live
[00:02:54] Matt Palmer: stream challenge is now live. So, we're going to break Yes, I know. This is exciting. Uh I hear woos from the studio. Um so what we're doing is we're giving away a trip to a star ship launch. So, you get to get to go to Starbase. Yeah, in awesome Texas. Uh for yourself and a guest.
[00:03:07] Lauren: Whoa. Whoa. That's super cool.
[00:03:14] Matt Palmer: I
[00:03:14] Lauren: I want to go.
[00:03:15] Matt Palmer: Yeah, exactly. I can't think of anything my girlfriend would be more excited than for me to take her to a star a star ship launch. So, uh the actually the and the runner's up. So, even if you don't win, the runner's up get a tour of the SpaceX rocket factory in Hawthorne
[00:03:29] Roshan: Oh, cool.
[00:03:30] Matt Palmer: in the Bay Area. Uh so you're going to have to follow the at Grok accounts and the at Bot accounts. And the entry will be by September 29th. All the details of the the contest are in there, but what we want you to do is share how you integrated Grok Bot into your work. So, you're going to quote the official post on X with a description of your bot and a share template link. All of those details are going to be from the at Grok and the at Bot accounts. So, just go over there, check it out. And again,
[00:03:56] Matt Palmer: you're going to need a trip to go to Starbase, which is pretty sick.
[00:03:59] Roshan: Really cool.
[00:04:00] Lauren: I would love to go. Yeah.
[00:04:00] Matt Palmer: I we're like we haven't even gone to Starbase.
[00:04:02] Roshan: I haven't gone yet.
[00:04:03] Matt Palmer: Uh maybe next week we can work on that. Um
[00:04:05] Roshan: Yeah. There's also some really cool footage of a launch on the Grok posts that I see on X right now. So, yeah, check it out x.com/grok. And you can see some more info there on I guess how to enter and some some some details.
[00:04:18] Matt Palmer: Awesome. Awesome. Okay, cool. So, you know, we got some time. The the main things we wanted to cover were just kind of like the layout, how this is all going to work, um the uh contest. And now we can just like start talking a little bit about what we're planning to do. Um and I also want to give you guys a little bit of more background on who we are, like what we do day to day, cuz like you know, that can uh that can be ambiguous and and and it's never really clearly laid out. So, our goal is to
[00:04:42] Matt Palmer: show you all basically how AI can like help you get more stuff done. And more importantly like how AI can free up your time so that you're not bogged down by all like the menial tasks and the boring stuff that we all have to do every day, that we've done for our entire lives most of us, right? Whether that's like digging through Excel sheets or trying to figure out where that one message went that you think somebody sent you last night, but you can't quite remember. Um or you know, actually writing
[00:05:07] Matt Palmer: code and automating some of the the more manual parts of software. Um but not just software, knowledge work, making slides, making designs. And the key message I think really is that AI frees you up to do the stuff you actually care about. Um and so maybe we can just go around and all like tell you a little bit more about myself. I'll give you like kind of a little intro and what I do. And I would love to for the the rest of the team to share because I mean, presumably we're watching this you're
[00:05:32] Matt Palmer: going to be spending some time with us over the next uh 72 hours.
[00:05:34] Roshan: Over the 72 hours.
[00:05:36] Matt Palmer: Over the 72 hours and we're trying to go from sort of really nothing to a fully functioning company.
[00:05:36] Roshan: Just a few few hours. Yeah. Yeah.
[00:05:42] Matt Palmer: And shortly we'll also like lay out exactly what we we mean when we say like company, right? Cuz uh there's actually a lot of confusion on this online. It's like, oh, they're building a business. I saw some quote tweets like they're building a startup. They are building a multi-billion dollar company.
[00:05:55] Roshan: We could maybe do all of that though. I don't know.
[00:05:58] Matt Palmer: I'm interested.
[00:05:58] Roshan: We can try. We can try. Yeah.
[00:05:59] Matt Palmer: Someone told us we should build SpaceX. And I was like 72 hours. We already work for SpaceX.
[00:06:04] Matt Palmer: I feel like they got the rockets down. Like maybe we could do something different, but um yeah, we'll get right into it. And and again, my name is Matt Palmer. I work in developer experience. Some might know developer relations. Um have some amazing teammates. Uh Lee Rob, Eric, Milosh. Just a great team. Um and largely that looks like user education, like teaching people how to use Grok Bot, how to use these new technologies, how to use these tools that like really nobody's ever used before, some
[00:06:30] Matt Palmer: brand new things. Uh and so like day to day, I'm making a lot of content, but I'm also doing a little bit of engineering work, might be contributing code here or there, updating our documentation, um helping set up live streams.
[00:06:41] Matt Palmer: Stephen, maybe. Uh and so it's really a combination of like content, a combination of products, and talking to a lot of people, just being on Twitter and understanding like how the product works, how people are using the product, um all these things. Um and so I'm super excited to like bring that into what we're building today. Um I'll probably be thinking like high level about a lot of stuff. Um we'll talk about like individual roles as we move through this. Uh but yeah, that's a that 's a bit
[00:06:43] Matt Palmer: uh you know, in a few minutes we can kind of do some market research like Matt was talking about. Um you know, I have some user research bots. And we actually
[00:06:49] Matt Palmer: have
[00:07:04] Roshan: Mhm. Yeah. I'm actually curious before we do that, what's your favorite demo you've built recently? Cuz you make some really awesome demos.
[00:07:06] Matt Palmer: about me. So, maybe Roshan you can dig more into like what you 're doing day to day.
[00:07:14] Matt Palmer: Okay, cool. Yeah. Um so I shared this one yesterday actually. Uh so it's it's on my profile. Uh hopefully we have our Twitter handles up for you guys to be streaming this, but somewhere yeah.
[00:07:21] Roshan: Yeah, we should put that up.
[00:07:23] Matt Palmer: At Maddy P. That's that's all you got to know. Um but I think this one was pretty cool. I set up Grok Bot basically to do the process of like trying out new technologies. So, it goes on my X bookmarks, finds like a a cool package or a cool technology. So, I'll like bookmark Oh, like here's a cool NPM package that can like make maps or make like a rotating globe. And then it's like, okay, I have to find the time to sit down, spin up that repo, like actually have this thing running to like understand
[00:07:52] Matt Palmer: really what it is or read the documentation or whatever. And so this Grok Bot um looks at my X bookmarks and finds things like that. It will fire up uh Cursor Cloud agent to start building with that technology. And then I configured uh the repo using Grok Bot actually to do preview deploys. I think using Cloudflare or something. Um and so every morning I just get a message from the Grok Bot and says, hey, here's this technology that was in your bookmarks that you thought was cool. And here's like and
[00:08:10] Lauren: Yeah. Yeah. Uh yeah, we could do something like that.
[00:08:16] Roshan: Shared knowledge base.
[00:08:17] Matt Palmer: Yeah, right? Like I think most companies have that some of that. And so what
[00:08:18] Matt Palmer: deployed version of it. Um yeah, and I have a walk through on my on my Twitter page of like how to do that. So, uh yeah, that was that was maybe my favorite.
[00:08:19] Roshan: Super cool. That's super cool. Whoa. I like that a lot. I'm glad I asked. I feel like again this is like I always learn something anytime I talk to someone.
[00:08:19] Matt Palmer: I'm
[00:08:28] Lauren: Yeah, that's cooler than the stuff I do with Grok Bot.
[00:08:32] Matt Palmer: You like built Grok Bot Lauren before you
[00:08:34] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Um okay, well, I guess I'll go next. I'm I'm Roshan. I um work on product at xAI. And I don't know, I feel the the product role has really changed in the last few months and and maybe year plus where I don't know depending on on sort of which philosophy you subscribe to, everyone is sort of a builder now, but uh I don't know. I think a lot of what I spend my time thinking about is how to build the right things for customers and how to kind of bring that customer feedback and like what
[00:09:01] Matt Palmer: people want out of their you know, use of AI tools kind of in into the product. And so um you know, in day to day I'm you know, thinking about things in Grok Bot. We've built a ton of really great connectors into the Grok Bot marketplace. And so trying to get more and more of those connectors in place. But then also just thinking about how we you know, uh think about what to build next, like what the next frontier ought to be. And I'm actually kind of excited to get into some of this today cuz it's
[00:09:22] Matt Palmer: not often that you get to like start from scratch on a new business or a new entity. Like often times you're you know, working on an existing platform and it's like what do we do next? But I think what's going to be really cool here is we're going to get to do a lot of this zero to one stuff together, right? So, you know, how do we go find data for what we should build or like what does what's the world saying about ideas and you know, how do we go do some user research and maybe go like set up
[00:09:43] Matt Palmer: some interviews and kind of like run the whole product development process and the whole product development playbook. So, yeah, I'm pretty excited for that. I think it'll be pretty fun to you know, get into get into the zero to one parts of it. And then of course you know, um a lot of fun decisions to make with the various you know, uh well hopefully we'll make them bots, but maybe we'll have a designer bot that can help us design some cool stuff or we'll have a marketing bot that can help us market
[00:10:05] Matt Palmer: some cool stuff. So, um yeah, excited to figure out how we coordinate all that. I think that 'll be a lot a lot of fun. So,
[00:10:09] Lauren: Yeah.
[00:10:11] Matt Palmer: Lauren, you want to go next?
[00:10:12] Lauren: Uh yes, I am Lauren. I am Potato on Twitter. Uh and uh I use Grok Bot for a lot of like really crazy things I think, like really random things. So,
[00:10:26] Lauren: uh a couple of weeks back I I tweeted out this kind of a joke where I said like, uh if you want to summon me on X, uh just say potato potato potato and then like I will disappear and and say something. Uh of course I have I have to automate that cuz there's no way I can respond to so many mentions. So, I I used uh Grok Bot for that. Uh also do a lot of engineering work um on Grok Bot. So, I think um coming on the live stream and talking to you all and working together is going to be really fun cuz
[00:10:57] Lauren: usually I feel like I'm stuck in my my cave, my goblin cave at home, you know, just coding. Uh I work on Grok Bot. So, I'm really obsessed about performance. And so I'm just constantly just working on making the app faster and faster and faster. Uh so I I really love doing that.
[00:11:15] Roshan: We are all thankful for this.
[00:11:16] Lauren: Yeah, and another thing I really like or I I've spent a lot of time on is setting up the Grok Bot codebase so that anyone, right? Like whether you're a PM or a designer, uh to contribute to the code and have it be good by default. So, I'm looking forward to like setting something like up like that here too so that you know, all three of us can be building and iterating really quickly together on uh while I don't even know what we're going to build, but I think it'll be a lot of fun.
[00:11:34] Matt Palmer: Mhm.
[00:11:36] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[00:11:41] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah.
[00:11:43] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Oh, I'm excited for that. Uh just cuz I love the Grok Bot DevX, just like coming in from the outside. It's super easy to understand the way you lay things out. There we have like you know, channels where if there's an issue we just post what the issue is and like some cloud agent somewhere. And also usually you. Like it's kind of shocking how fast you like appear when issues arise um starts working, right? And I love that. And so I mean, today like when we're building we're going to use all
[00:11:53] Roshan: Right. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We have three days. So, it feels like if we should have an idea in day one that feels that feels good good plan.
[00:12:06] Matt Palmer: the same tools you would use to start a company. Like if you just sat down with three friends you'd probably like I don't know set up somewhere to talk, set up somewhere to like take notes, um and then start building using using your favorite tools. And so the cool thing about working at Basics is like, okay, well, cool we have Cursor, we have Grok Bot. We're going to use Cursor to write some code, but then we're going to use Grok Bot and we're going to like figure out all the hard manual parts, which
[00:12:28] Matt Palmer: is kind of like, okay, well like I don't know. We probably want to sell something, so we need to figure out what the idea is. Well, yesterday we asked you all and also SpaceX employees like, hey, what should we build? Like what do we have any good ideas? And so we have thousands of responses. The first step is probably like ask Grok Bot to look at those responses, right? Um it's to do market research. So, we're going to do some do some market research here to kick it off. And then we're probably
[00:12:51] Matt Palmer: just going to like I don't know figure out what we want to build, maybe announce that I guess probably this morning's good, right? Like
[00:13:03] Matt Palmer: Okay, cool. Yeah. So, the goal is to have an idea in day one. Maybe it's a good time to talk about like exactly what we mean when we say like we're going to build a business, right? Cuz this is like
[00:13:09] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah.
[00:13:11] Lauren: Yeah, what is a business?
[00:13:12] Roshan: I was going to ask you what is a business. I guess when you when you all say like when you all think like okay, we're building a business, like what does that mean to you?
[00:13:22] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I don't know. For me it's like I think you want to make something useful. I don't know. I kind of go back to the build something people want mentality, right? I think we need to build something useful, something that people want, maybe something we'd use ourselves.
[00:13:26] Roshan: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
[00:13:33] Matt Palmer: You know, that's often a good way to like I think we'll have a lot of empathy for what we doing if it's something that we want to build and use our you know, use ourselves too. What do you guys think?
[00:13:34] Roshan: Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
[00:13:40] Lauren: Uh I like the dog fooding part cuz like for me one of the you know, the think one of the things I really love about working on Grok Bot is that I use it to work on itself. So, it it's just really nice loop of being able to dog food your own product and make it better, you know, be the ultimate power user of your own thing.
[00:13:42] Roshan: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
[00:13:57] Lauren: So, I feel like we definitely want to have something like that for our business idea.
[00:14:02] Lauren: Uh but yeah, when it when it comes to a business I guess I don't know. I think um it definitely involves uh maybe making a little bit of money.
[00:14:12] Matt Palmer: Oh, we should be making money. Okay.
[00:14:14] Roshan: The team wants to make money.
[00:14:15] Matt Palmer: It's not a real business until we got to have it you know, see the dollar flowing into the bank account. Like that's going to be great. Okay, so
[00:14:21] Matt Palmer: So, business, dollars to bank accounts, uh building, dog fooding, testing out the product, uh building something people want. Um yeah, if I was going to add anything I would just say that um I think it's easy to forget especially in like we're all terminally online. Like if you're watching the stream, you're part of like X, which is where people go. They they want to know stuff, right? Like that's where X is people where people go. But that also means a lot of people are online a lot on X. I am
[00:14:45] Matt Palmer: the biggest I'm the most guilty of this. I'm on Twitter X way too much. Um but like what it means to build a business is ultimately to serve humans, right? And uh there you know, even if agents Well, serve humans or agents potentially, but the person asking agent to do something is human, right? And so at the end of the day it does kind of tie back to like a human experience of like if I buy a t-shirt online and that gets delivered to me, that might be a it's a business idea, right? But it's about
[00:14:56] Roshan: Or agents. Or agents potentially. Yeah. Yeah. Right.
[00:15:12] Matt Palmer: the process of you created this thing for a human being or if you make Grok Bot, we are creating Grok Bot for human beings to interact with a computer, right? And so it is very a very human process and it's something that at the end of the day is like how do we create
[00:15:27] Matt Palmer: something that you want as the viewer, something that you find like magical or add some sort of value to your life. And so I I think my favorite part is just like um it really becomes about people and like how do you make a person happy?
[00:15:41] Matt Palmer: Happy enough to like give you money and say like can you do this again, you know?
[00:15:45] Roshan: Or their agent. Or their agent.
[00:15:47] Lauren: Yeah, I keep coming to this idea like you know, in Grok Bot you can give your bot a credit card now, like a link a stripe card I guess, link card. So, I think it'll be fun to kind of play around with some cool ideas. Yeah, as we
[00:15:58] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Like what could we make that maybe a human could come in and buy something or maybe a bot could also come in and buy something and maybe they do the same thing, maybe they're different. Yeah. Yeah.
[00:16:03] Lauren: Right. Right, exactly. Yeah. It could be interesting.
[00:16:07] Matt Palmer: Yeah, that could be kind of fun too. Maybe for all the people watching they'd want to like create a Grok Bot account if they don't already have one and like get their bots to buy something. That could be kind of interesting.
[00:16:15] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah.
[00:16:15] Matt Palmer: I mean, check it out. Uh we're we're not going to like we're just going to build the thing to this this week or this these three days. Um but you're more than welcome to follow along. Uh yes, I think the process of like human connection is something we'll explore. The process of like
[00:16:29] Matt Palmer: physicality, like I don't know. Do we build a digital product? Do we build like uh place where you can I don't know go buy like coffee beans and have them delivered to you? Do you like or do we create something in person? Like we're in San Francisco. Like Dreamforce is going on right now. There are like 50,000 people in the city here all excited. Uh like so
[00:16:44] Lauren: It's wild. Yeah. I've never seen so many people in my life.
[00:16:47] Matt Palmer: 50,000 additional people like in this block. Like there's streets closed, it was hard to get here, the whole nine. Um and so to me it would be really cool if we could like take something digital and then use that to manifest something in in in the real world that even you all can interact with. Um and so like I think if I'm taking that away like that would 100% be my goal um for this week. But we don't know. Like is that possible? We'll be able to do it. I'm just talking and like I feel like we're
[00:17:13] Matt Palmer: wasting time. Uh so yeah, I don't know. I 'm excited to see where it goes and and uh like we're going to keep it super casual. You're going to see us at our at our highs and at our lows. And it's going to be absolutely hopefully hopefully entertaining. I don't know.
[00:17:25] Roshan: It's going to be
[00:17:26] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. I think the part of the fun is going to be you know, we have three days, which is a lot of time, but also not much time. But I think we'll need to you know, there'll be a bunch of stuff we have to set up. Like I'm just starting to think ahead to we probably need a Slack channel for our team to chat in and maybe our bots to chat in too.
[00:17:43] Roshan: Um if we need like a Notion page.
[00:17:45] Matt Palmer: Slack. Yeah, we might Slack Notion. I mean, what do we use at work? Slack, awesome tool. Notion, awesome tool. Um
[00:17:48] Roshan: Yeah, Notion. Maybe linear for tickets.
[00:17:52] Matt Palmer: Yeah, we could check out linear.
[00:17:53] Roshan: Yeah or something like that.
[00:17:54] Matt Palmer: Do you like to use linear or how do you how do you like prioritize like work?
[00:17:58] Lauren: Um I think we we can try it, but I'm also wondering if we can just cuz like if we have Slack like I could just like maybe as we use our own app and you report bugs, I could just auto fix them. So, why open an issue when you can open a PR? But I mean, yeah, maybe we'll get a backlog at some point.
[00:18:08] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Oh yeah. When you can just say Okay. Yeah. Okay, so maybe Slack is a control plane. You know, like any
[00:18:19] Lauren: I wonder if we start just start with Slack first.
[00:18:21] Roshan: Yeah.
[00:18:21] Lauren: Slack and then see what we need.
[00:18:22] Matt Palmer: Slack channel issues issues Slack channel. Okay, so
[00:18:24] Lauren: Issues channel. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can start wiring up my my factory initially in kitchen.
[00:18:28] Matt Palmer: Okay, issues Slack channel. We're going to wire up the factory to the issues channel. And then while we're doing that like no matter what I'm going to we're going to start walking through the factory because you're the you're the infamous creator of P Stack, right?
[00:18:31] Lauren: Yeah. Okay, yeah.
[00:18:39] Matt Palmer: Famous. I don't I mean or no, infamous famous.
[00:18:40] Lauren: Infamous.
[00:18:43] Matt Palmer: I don't know. And and for our viewers might not know what P Stack is. What is P Stack?
[00:18:49] Lauren: So, P Stack is um
[00:18:52] Lauren: it's a million dollar No, it's not it's not it's not it costs nothing. It's a it's an open source plugin that I made that uh
[00:19:00] Lauren: takes all the skills that I've built for doing rigorous engineering work that I do all the time. And I open sourced it so that anyone can reuse the same skills and workflows that I have. Um and
[00:19:13] Lauren: I've been iterating on on it for quite a while. Uh it took me quite a long time to get to get it to that point, but um last month I actually shipped two two and a half thousand PRs of P Stack into production. Uh and I don't think I caused any bugs. Uh I hope I hope I hope I didn't. Uh so yeah, if you haven't tried out P Stack yet, you can go to the Grok Bot marketplace and search for P Stack and try it out and let me know what you think.
[00:19:39] Matt Palmer: I just did the math. 2,500 PRs in a month is 83 PRs a day. And we have three days. So, times three is 250 PRs. It's like 50 different PR count. Okay, okay. We should have like a PR meter on the screen. And then have that track.
[00:19:43] Lauren: Yes. Oh. I think I can do more than that. I can do more than that. Yeah, I I Actually, I'm not even going to open PRs. I'm going to merge to main.
[00:19:57] Matt Palmer: Oh yeah, there we go. Yeah.
[00:19:58] Lauren: Just running you know.
[00:19:58] Matt Palmer: That is not All right, we'll call it a we'll call it a commit meter. Uh we'll have a commit meter somewhere on the screen. That's like
[00:20:02] Lauren: Where we're going we don't need pull requests.
[00:20:06] Matt Palmer: Oh my god. I'm like concerned. Uh the entire team is like oh boy. Uh no. And I mean I feel like sometimes you say like 2,000 PRs and people are like oh like that's just something they say on stream, but like I physically have like I've sat over your shoulder and seen you do some of this stuff. And it's like Grok Bot the app is built by people at SpaceX that are using tools like this to rapidly iterate. And so hopefully um like we'll be able to show you that process and we'll be able to show you that
[00:20:31] Matt Palmer: product as it goes from like quite literally nothing, we're ideating right now, to something that we're shipping to you all. Um so yeah.
[00:20:39] Lauren: Yeah.
[00:20:39] Matt Palmer: I mean we're talking about tools before, right? So, it sounds like we're going to go Slack, Notion, kind of Stack. We got um maybe linear if we decide we need that. We can just start shipping shipping directly to main. Um
[00:20:51] Matt Palmer: I mean we're going to be here talking to each other. Uh what else do you really need? Any any anything else? I mean we have
[00:20:56] Roshan: Some database tech maybe.
[00:20:57] Matt Palmer: Yeah, we're going to we'll need some like infra that we can set up.
[00:20:59] Lauren: Yeah.
[00:20:59] Matt Palmer: We're going to need the systems. So, we might need a database. I know I know a database CEO lives around here. Maybe we'll have them on at some point.
[00:21:04] Roshan: Yeah, maybe Yeah, I can convince some some of our friends to join.
[00:21:07] Matt Palmer: Yeah. We mean we're big with the Stripe team with Link, with Payments. So, we're going to need some payments infra.
[00:21:09] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Totally.
[00:21:12] Matt Palmer: We'll probably start whiteboarding this at some point, like start building and showing people like uh exactly what we're going to do.
[00:21:14] Roshan: Yeah. Oh yeah, maybe we could actually do that.
[00:21:17] Lauren: Could we get an actual whiteboard?
[00:21:18] Matt Palmer: Yeah, we might get a a chalkboard or a whiteboard in here. We got the the team is listening to this now, freaking out because
[00:21:21] Roshan: That would be super cool. P's got us a chalkboard. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
[00:21:25] Matt Palmer: it's so esoteric items and they're happy in the building. Um
[00:21:29] Matt Palmer: on stream. This is a great part is like now that I'm on stream like I can just ask for anything. Presumably it'll just appear. Like if I was like
[00:21:36] Matt Palmer: there's a coffee shop down the road. I didn't get a chance to get a cappuccino this morning. I got wondering if like in the next shot they'll just be like a cappuccino. We can really push how far that will go.
[00:21:45] Roshan: One thing I forgot that we're going to need a lot of his tokens. We're going to need a lot of tokens. I think we I think we have
[00:21:52] Matt Palmer: Yeah, so we need tokens. Uh this is actually central to the idea. Maybe you can tell us a little bit about like what the setup we're running is.
[00:21:57] Roshan: Yeah, so um you know, we're going to be using a combination of uh well Grok Bot we're going to really try to drive everything with Grok Bot I think is the plan here. Yeah. But we've set up ourselves on a Grok Bot team. Uh so we created a new team just for this uh you know, these three days where we're going to you know, just use that. We're going to each have our own teams of bots that we set up and hopefully be able to show you you know, those bots as we go. Um and be able to switch between them a
[00:22:21] Roshan: little bit and kind of let you interact with them a little bit. Uh and then yeah, we really I think we're going to treat this like a separate business and entity, right? So, I I have a GitHub org that I made that's a completely blank org. It's like nothing in it, no repos. Uh so we can use that if we like as our starting point.
[00:22:35] Matt Palmer: What's the what's the name of the GitHub org?
[00:22:37] Roshan: It's called um Ship by Thursday.
[00:22:39] Matt Palmer: Ship by Thursday.
[00:22:39] Roshan: I love it.
[00:22:40] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[00:22:41] Roshan: Maybe we should open source some stuff too if people want to follow along. It's just github.com/shipbythursday. It's completely empty right now. So, if you go there you will see nothing. Uh but we could we'll we'll need to put some stuff there. Maybe we'll like open source some Easter eggs. I don't know. Do you see Yeah, we should
[00:22:44] Matt Palmer: Oh yeah, we can do that.
[00:22:53] Matt Palmer: No, I'm I'm I'm a member of the org. We We actually we literally haven't set any of this stuff. Like we didn't do any work beforehand. So, like none of this exists. Uh but we will start to make things available as uh as possible. Um and yeah, our goal is to make this as lot like as real as as possible.
[00:23:00] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah, so we're starting with a completely blank slate, right? So, we have uh a GitHub org, we have Grok Bot accounts with zero bots in them right now.
[00:23:16] Lauren: Brand new accounts.
[00:23:16] Matt Palmer: Uh brand new accounts. And so we'll walk you through from scratch, you know, like how we'd install P Stack to get set up for development. Maybe
[00:23:26] Lauren: Yep. Yeah. We definitely need to hire hire a bot or two.
[00:23:30] Matt Palmer: a whole template of bots in our marketplace too. So, maybe we can find some useful ones there and kind of pull them in. I mean we need to also like hire like a founding engineer probably, right? Founding engineer bot. We just like hire the bot, right?
[00:23:41] Matt Palmer: Two bots, intern bot.
[00:23:43] Lauren: I'm actually also wondering as part of market research do we want to have our bots actually like kind of like the idea you had where you have your Grok Bot build something for you every day? Like maybe we could have some quick throwaway prototypes or something so we can visualize ideas, something like that.
[00:23:56] Roshan: Oh yeah, like a prototype machine. Very cool.
[00:23:59] Lauren: I think that's a great idea.
[00:24:00] Matt Palmer: Yeah, yeah. Uh I feel like you have like some bot factory stuff as well, right? Like okay, the idea I'm talking about and you know, this might be if you're watching this you're like Matt I don't even know what Grok Bot is. Well, that's great cuz we got a Grok Bot 101 session coming up right for you in like five minutes, but stick with me here. You can create Grok Bots, other Grok Bots can create Grok Bots.
[00:24:19] Lauren: It's wild. Yeah.
[00:24:20] Matt Palmer: It's pretty crazy. So, what I'm thinking is like okay, at a meta point, right? What do you what do you do when you have a business, right? You have like onboarding. So, maybe we come up with like a company doc and that doc explains our process. And we can also do that in Grok Bot. We could have like a Grok Bot that sort of is like a Grok Bot factory of some sort that creates our employees. And so that that like onboarding
[00:24:20] Roshan: Yeah. Right. Mhm.
[00:24:41] Matt Palmer: bot might be like hey, okay, you want to read this doc and that's who we are and that's like what our principles are and that's like what we're trying to do.
[00:25:00] Matt Palmer: thinking is like as we add employees, as we start to like build out the team like okay, new new right? Like we hire our intern bot, take a look at what we're doing in in Notion. And then like we'll start like prototyping. But I like what your I like where your head's at. I think when we resume back from the break, we could start thinking about like um prototyping, market research. Uh but we need to start like hiring bots. So, maybe in that 45 minutes we'll like come up with a hiring plan, right?
[00:25:11] Roshan: Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, I like that. I like that.
[00:25:28] Lauren: We're going to we're going to we're going to need a bunch of bots for sure.
[00:25:30] Matt Palmer: Okay, yeah. And uh we're going to bring you all along for it. We're not sharing our screens right now, but like we have everything hooked up so you'll be able to see exactly what we do. You'll be able to be able to see like
[00:25:31] Lauren: Yeah. Yeah.
[00:25:39] Matt Palmer: how we use the product in a clean demo environment. The one thing we did do before we got together is like we actually like downloaded Grok Bot. If you're starting a company I guess you know, that's the first thing you can only thing you have to do really. Um
[00:25:51] Lauren: Yeah.
[00:25:52] Matt Palmer: yeah, and I'm excited. So, uh a little bit about the session that's coming up and like some housekeeping stuff. To recap, if you're new to the new to the stream, we're going to build a company. We got 72 hours. We haven't done anything. I mean we just spent the last 20 minutes yapping. We shouldn't be yapping.
[00:26:08] Lauren: Yeah, I'm yapping out.
[00:26:09] Matt Palmer: We haven't done anything. Um
[00:26:11] Matt Palmer: if you're watching there is currently the Grok Bot Galaxy live stream challenge going on. If you share a template um with us all and your template is like the most uh it's like if a lot of people like your template basically, you have a chance to win a trip to Starbase, like watch a a star ship launch, which is pretty sick. Um runner's up get a trip to Hawthorne where they actually like build some of this cool stuff, which is also great. Um and yeah, you know, when we think about a business, we think
[00:26:37] Matt Palmer: about something that that people want, that creates value for people. That's what we're going to try to build.
[00:26:41] Roshan: With a human touch.
[00:26:42] Matt Palmer: With a human touch. Most importantly, that's what something we're going to try to build this week. We're going to bring in different guests. We're going to bring on guests of companies that we like, guests of people on the internet that we like. We're going to bring in SpaceX employees that are really great. They're all really great. I don't pick favorites, but we're going to bring in some especially great employees who are going to show us their workflows. We're just going to be hanging out.
[00:27:02] Lauren: They're going to they're going to help us empower empower the happy crowd.
[00:27:03] Roshan: They're going to Yeah, yeah. We're going to ask for advice. We're going to seek the knowledge of the crowd the crowd. Yeah.
[00:27:06] Matt Palmer: I don't know no man is an island. Like no enter entrepreneur ever did anything by themselves. They have people to help them out. So, we're going to call on our friends to help us out and give us advice, but like it's going to be us with the laptops here.
[00:27:11] Roshan: For sure. And there might be a few moments where we're just like furiously typing in silence on stream too. I feel like we're going to need some lockdown time. So,
[00:27:22] Matt Palmer: There will be some Yeah, hey, look. I mean if you've watched any of the great streamers, shout out Prime shout Prime big friends of ours. They've helped us out with some of this stuff. It's going to be like that. We're just going to be hanging out. This might get a little bit messy. The production crew is going to yell at me uh and make me like I don't know clean clean the table up or something. Um but we're going to we're going to have fun along the way. Um anything else you guys want to add for
[00:27:32] Lauren: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No. Uh it's going to it's going to be really a a lot of fun. So, I'm looking forward to building this up to you all.
[00:27:43] Matt Palmer: the viewers?
[00:27:50] Matt Palmer: Awesome. And uh yeah, definitely keep keep shouting at us on on X if you're kind of you're wanting to send us feedback and there's like an active chat happening in the stream too. So, like please drop stuff in chat. We're going to get it set up so we can kind of see some of those comments rolling in and kind of interact with some of those suggestions in real time too. So, I mean it'll be really helpful to us as we're kind of steering and like we really want to you know, get folks feedback and make
[00:28:10] Matt Palmer: sure this is useful to you. So, we're just definitely encouraging you to keep the feedback coming. Three of us are all on X. I think our handles are all over the place hopefully by now. Um so please like you know, post at us uh or reply to us and we'd be happy to kind of bring some of that in as well. But yeah, I see we have about 80,000 ish viewers right now. And so um yeah, a lot of people out there who are really excited and we're really excited to hear from you and uh help you know, ask for
[00:28:22] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and and uh So, yeah, go ahead with
[00:28:32] Matt Palmer: your help in crafting what we do here. So,
[00:28:35] Lauren: Oh, one thing. Definitely recommend installing Grok Bot if you haven't already, signing up. We have a free trial so you can you can try it out and
[00:28:38] Roshan: Yes. For sure.
[00:28:42] Lauren: maybe follow along with us, right? As we build and and show you some of our pro tips.
[00:28:44] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[00:28:47] Matt Palmer: We're going to show you exactly how we do it. So, if you just download Grok Bot, we're going to give you the plugins, the templates, all that stuff. And most importantly, stream we're going continuously live from 8:30 till like 6:00 6:30. You'll have to check the schedule. Tune in here anytime. We're going to cut to workshops. So, if you download Grok Bot, if you like install the product, you're going to like be able to follow along with exactly how it works. If you were like, oh man, I want to learn
[00:28:56] Roshan: Yeah. This is the course.
[00:29:09] Matt Palmer: Grok Bot, but I have to like pay for this course some No, no courses, no payment, all free, just just watch this stream.
[00:29:15] SPEAKER_03: Someone told us we got I got 25 seconds before we go live, but someone told us their boss
[00:30:25] Roman: So first I wanted to talk a little bit about how Grok Bot came to be. And I think we're in a pretty interesting moment right now where when you think about the way that AI has changed and really transformed the way that that people and companies do work. I think we've been through a few different phases. And I think it started with really chat where you ask a question to AI, AI responds. And that was that was really useful. I think that helped with bunch of research workflows for example. I think
[00:30:56] Roman: the next step after that was you delegate a task to AI. And there's a co-pilot that kind of sits next to you while you do your work. You iterate on a slide deck together, you know, those types of workflows. But I think we're really on the cusp of this new moment in AI where AI starts to act more like a teammate or more like a colleague inside of a company. And that's really different I think from what's come before and I think it's going to change the types of products that really meet the moment.
[00:31:25] Roman: I think the ways that we need to change our ways and and how we do work day to day to really maximally get the most out of out of what AI can do inside of a company. And then I think what will come after that is kind of this weird world of AI teammates and human teammates that collaborate together inside of companies. And where you're not just delegating a discrete task and saying, hey, go from point A to point B, you're actually doing a lot more kind of what you would do with with an actual human
[00:31:53] Roman: colleague of they're not a collection of tasks that you kind of outsource, but they own outcomes and they have responsibilities and you trust them to kind of own a discrete part of a company and and kind of do that do that work for you. And I think this is really where Grok Bot originated from. And I want to talk a little bit about some of the product decisions that we made to to get there. So if you haven't used Grok Bot, this is what it looks like. And I think there were a few things that we chose
[00:32:12] Amrita: Sonia is in her description here, you can see that I've given her very explicit instructions on how to edit a existing slide deck. I can tell her, you know, that you're supposed to be using a particular font with particular colors. Um I actually always ask her to take a screenshot of the slide that she's created once she's done and send it back to me. And this kind of makes it a lot easier for me to go back and forth with Slide Sonia because she already has this predefined set of notions that she
[00:32:21] Roman: to do with Grok Bot that are a bit different from other AI tools on the market that you maybe have have used before or familiar with. I think the first one is we really wanted Grok Bot to feel a lot like you're working with teammates and colleagues. And so as a result, it feels kind of simple and chat-like and almost like you're messaging you know your co-workers or teams of colleagues. So you have on the left all of these bots, in this case sales outbound and an inbox manager that each have specific
[00:32:38] Amrita: needs to get done. Um and
[00:32:39] Amrita: so
[00:32:51] Roman: roles and different kind of lanes of work. And the idea is not that you create a chat for each task that you want to take on. You actually create a bot for a unit of work and a kind of job responsibility. And you come back to that bot over and over and over again and it learns from you. And I think that's one of the most magical moments of working with Grok Bot is you say something a few weeks ago about, you know, I really like when my slides are formatted in this particular way. And then Grok Bot
[00:33:17] Roman: remembers. It remembers weeks later when you're making your next slide deck. And that's what you would expect from a colleague and I think that's what you should expect from AI as well. So there is this teammate paradigm instead of a task paradigm. Teammates really sit at the center of of Grok Bot and the way to work with AI. The second thing that's a little bit different is Grok Bot similar to what you would expect from a colleague doesn't just have access to direct integrations and MCPs and APIs.
[00:33:46] Roman: Those are very useful, but they often times don't get you 100% of the way to completing the work that you want. They have access to their own computer. And they can use that computer exactly how you would. They can watch a video, they can listen to a podcast, they can click in some, you know, antiquated government software from from the '90s. It can do everything that a human can do with a computer, but it's yours. And in addition to all of the integrations and MCPs and things that you come to to
[00:34:16] Roman: know and love with AI, I think it really opens up a new set of of tasks and opportunities for what AI can take off of your plate. And I think it feels really different when you work with AI that can do those things versus can't. And the difference between getting kind of 90% of the way there of like almost having the job be done versus the thing just being done end to end kind of hands off, you trust that your bot can do it, feels very different, feels really magical. And then the last thing is
[00:34:44] Roman: everything runs in the cloud. It doesn't run on your computer. And I think there's we're kind of in this weird moment in AI right now where a lot of the workflows that people rely so much on AI for, it runs on their local laptop, which is kind of strange. And so if you're like asleep and your computer's closed, you know, the automation that you set up to run at 2:00 a.m. doesn't fire and you wake up in the morning and you're confused and you want to kick something off from your phone, but it's tethered
[00:35:11] Roman: to your laptop back in your office. It's just all this weirdness. And we wanted to just jump right past that to a future where you have these very smart colleagues, these these teammates, these bots that live in the cloud and you can interact with them anywhere you work. It might be on your phone, it might be on your laptop. In the future it might be something entirely different.
[00:35:30] Roman: And that really informed all of the decisions we made for the product was those three things. Feels like interacting with teammates, everything runs in the cloud and your bots have access to a computer that they can drive and manipulate just like you can. And I think part of the reason we really felt the the desire and the excitement to build something like Grok Bot is from what we've seen in coding. And I think from the past 2 years we've seen the job of a developer completely transformed. And I
[00:35:58] Roman: think a a very stark It's hard to overestimate how big how big the change has been
[00:36:04] Roman: from an era of you're writing individual lines of code by hand to I think what a lot of development looks like now certainly inside of xAI where you have developers that own outcomes, they own direction and they steer their team of agents to complete these discrete tasks and do kind of a lot of the mundane work for them. And we haven't seen that for knowledge work at all. I think when you look at the way that knowledge work is done today versus the way it's done in 2024 or 2025, it's not that
[00:36:33] Roman: different. And I think our hope and goal for Grok Bot is to really be the most useful way to harness these models inside of a company to do real work.
[00:36:44] Roman: And so I touched on some of these points, but Amrita will talk a little bit more about specific ways that we're seeing Grok Bot be useful for us internally, but also inside of real companies in the wild. But we wanted it to be delightfully simple. And we think the future of AI products
[00:37:02] Roman: really should be very simple to use, very simple to get started on and then gradually pull you into the more complex capabilities. And I think a lot of people's experience using Grok Bot is immediate on its face. You kind of give it an initial task that is a little straightforward and simple. Grok Bot does it. You give it something more ambitious, Grok Bot does it. You give it something even more ambitious. And you just kind of keep going through that process until you you feel the limits of maybe
[00:37:27] Roman: where current AI capabilities are. And our bet is, you know, these models are going to keep getting smarter. We want to give them a safe environment to run in to really maximally be useful to employees of of companies. So it's very simple. It's always on. You know, it's this this this teammate in the cloud that you can always depend on and rely on and and never goes down even when you are asleep or when your computer is closed and it really finishes the work. You give it outcomes, it delivers. And
[00:37:55] Roman: I think the next step of this will be how this works inside of teams. I think right now AI is largely a single player game. You know, you work with your personal AI assistant on various things. I think we're really excited about what shared AI colleagues could look like and what the future of of internal tooling even becomes. So with that, very excited to pass it off to Amrita to talk a bit more about concrete ways that people are using Grok Bot and ways that we're using Grok Bot.
[00:38:21] Amrita: Amazing. Thank you, Roman.
[00:38:23] Amrita: Um so you'll see on the agenda and also for the rest of the week, we have a lot of sessions about how to use Grok Bot at the enterprise level. So you'll see Grok Bot for GTM, for engineering, for marketing, and then for admins. Today's session is going to take one of these actually and then do a live demo with you all so you can see exactly what Roman mentioned, which is agents acting as colleagues, agents using their own computer, and then also having memory and an ability to learn from what you've
[00:38:50] Amrita: taught them.
[00:38:52] Amrita: One thing I do want to highlight is if you haven't registered for any of the sessions already, please go onto I think x.ai/galaxy and check out what's available this week. We have a lot of really great sessions basically about how to use Grok Bot for all of these different use cases within an enterprise.
[00:39:11] Amrita: Okay. So now we're going to go into the live demo session of today. And I I do want to ask who in the room has used Grok Bot?
[00:39:19] Amrita: Okay. Looks like a good amount. Um so maybe some of you will be seeing it for the first time, but these are the three bots that we're going to work with today. We have Data Dan, Slide Sonia, and Email Ethan. And they're going to work together on a project that will actually require you guys to participate. It don't worry, no one's going to have to speak or anything, but what it 's going to do basically is collect user data, use that data to create slides and charts and then actually email that data
[00:39:47] Amrita: to a stakeholder, an external stakeholder. And so what you'll see actually is how all of these agents will work together and to Roman's point, use tools that might not have, you know, native MCPs or APIs, but make it very easy for you to kind of outsource this work so that you can focus on more pressing things at hand.
[00:40:05] Amrita: All right. So I'm going to minimize this and we're going to open up Grok Bot.
[00:40:10] Amrita: And you'll notice that it looks very similar to maybe iMessage or a tool that you're familiar with. I have two bots that are already ready on the side, Email Ethan and Slide Sonia. And I'll talk a little bit about them later, but what I want to do with you all today is I want to create a bot from scratch so you all can kind of see that, you know, workflow.
[00:40:29] Amrita: And this is the bot we're going to create is Data Dan. So I'm going to call Data Dan. I'm just going to create him there.
[00:40:36] Amrita: And when you create a bot, actually what Grok Bot will do is it will give some idea of maybe what you want to use the bot for just based on the name. So if you create a bot called, you know, workflow builder, it'll automatically kind of have an idea of what it's meant to do. You'll notice here that it gives some options of what do you mainly want me for, which is great. But I'm going to start by actually asking it to create a Google Form for me. And the reason I choose Google Form is first of all,
[00:41:02] Amrita: I don't know if anyone likes making Google Forms. I certainly don't. But it's the most common way to get a lot of data from your employees, from your customers, from, you know, if you're doing user research. You can do this similarly with Qualtrics or any other kind of form-based software. You can ask Grok Bot to basically create it for you. So what we're going to do is I'm just going to say and I'm going to use voice mode here actually so we can kind of see what that looks like.
[00:41:28] Amrita: Create a Google Form for me that asks two questions. The first is how many cups of coffee do you drink a day? And the second is what are your favorite coffee shops in San Francisco? And for the coffee shop options maybe put ritual, fields, sight glass, and blue bottle.
[00:41:49] Amrita: So it's going to transcribe that. What's really cool about voice mode and this is actually deployed internally right now is we actually have a back and forth voice mode where Grok voice can actually talk back to you. That should be out hopefully sometime within the next week or so. But this is kind of a good way to to see that speech-to-text in motion here. So you'll say you'll see that it kind of took everything I said. And I'm actually going to move to the side here so you all can see. And then
[00:42:13] Amrita: immediately when you send a request like this, Grok Bot is going to respond and immediately start working. And when it works, for example in something like a Google Form, what it will do is it will actually start using its own computer. So at the top right is where you see access to Grok Bot 's computer here at the top. I can actually click into it and see what it's doing. Give it a little moment to connect. But once it's connected, you'll see that it has access to its own Linux VM machine. So it
[00:42:40] Amrita: will be able to log in to Google Slides, Google Forms, Google Docs, whatever you need.
[00:42:45] Amrita: And so what you can see actually if I minimize this is it's going to build both of those questions for me and I can monitor how it's building those in those forms. So I mentioned Google Forms as a way to kind of interact with tools that don't necessarily have MCPs or APIs.
[00:43:04] Amrita: But what I also want to show is the built-in MCPs that we have already. So you can see here that I have a bunch of MCPs or plugins that I can connect to my Grok Bot. And depending on your task at hand, you can always manage these here. And so this is kind of a good way to see what existing APIs and MCPs are there already or you can ask Grok Bot to set it up for you.
[00:43:26] Amrita: Okay. So it looks like the bot wants to run a task for me. This is a good example of how bots ask for approval. I'm just going to allow this for now, but I 'll talk a little bit about bot approvals later and how you can actually set particular rules saying, hey, I only want a bot to send an email after it asks me for permission or I only want the bot to send a Slack message to an external customer after I approve it. And this kind of makes it a lot easier for enterprises to control what the bot
[00:43:53] Amrita: can or cannot do in a big setting like this.
[00:43:57] Amrita: So this is going to work on the Google Form. While it's working, let me show you the other two agents that we'll be working with today. So Email Ethan and Slide Sonia. You'll notice that Slide Sonia already has the slides that I'm going to be editing up on her computer similar to what Data Dan will be actually. And what's nice about, you know, Slide Sonia is I'm able to basically edit the slides myself or I can actually teach her how to do a particular task. So you'll see here at the top teach a
[00:44:26] Amrita: task. I can actually show Slide Sonia for example if I want to create a slide that takes all the data from this Google Form and you know adds an animation to it or makes it a particular color. I can actually show her how to do that. So if I hit teach a task here, I can actually say let's say I want to just teach her how to do an animation. I can hit this, I can go to insert, and I can add animation here. And notice that this is me controlling the bot's computer. So this is not the bot doing this
[00:44:54] Amrita: on its own. This is me kind of controlling it. And I can say, okay, this is how you would do a kind of let's do a fly-in animation right there. Um and let's just play it to see how it works and make sure it works okay.
[00:45:09] Amrita: Give it a second.
[00:45:14] Amrita: Cool. Looks like it's monitoring the
[00:45:17] Amrita: time that the animation takes.
[00:45:20] Amrita: Amazing. So now that it's set up here and I knows exactly how to do it, I can stop the task. And immediately now that I've stopped the task and Slide Sonia knows exactly what to do with an animation, it's able to turn that recording and that animation into a skill. And so now anytime I want to say, hey, I want you to add that animation that I showed you to a particular text or to a particular image on a slide, it'll be able to do that from scratch.
[00:45:46] Amrita: I'm going to go ahead and look up my Data Dan and see how they are doing with the the Google Form. Um you'll notice that what's nice about Oh, I'm going to go ahead and allow this again. What's nice about uh having these agents is that I can always go back and forth between them and also see how they operate with in each other. So as you can see, Slide Sonia is learning from the skill I just taught her. Data Dan is working on the Google Form. I can actually see him creating the form live for me.
[00:46:13] Amrita: Um and then what's nice about this is once the form is created, I 'm actually going to ask Data Dan to turn it into a QR code and have you all scan it and fill out those two questions. So on average how many coffee cups do you drink a day and your favorite coffee shop in San Francisco? And then we'll take all of that data, give it to Sonia, and then have Email Ethan kind of consolidate all that analysis and send it out to let's see who the top coffee shop owner is. And this is kind of a good way
[00:46:38] Amrita: to see how you can take a very simple task that usually takes a lot of time. For example, an event planner at a company who needs to handle dietary restrictions for a 10,000 person on site or a user researcher that wants to collect data from all of their different customers who are using Grok Bot or any other tool. How you can basically do all of these tools within Grok Bot and then have it kind of orchestrate that work for me. Um I'm going to go ahead and set this one more time.
[00:47:07] Amrita: Um while this is working, let me actually show you the approval situation since we are seeing it here. You'll notice that in the settings um when you actually scroll down here, you will see a particular set of rules that you can allow Grok Bot to basically do with or without your permission. So what I'll actually show it is I'll say something like, hey, I don't want you to reply emails for me unless you explicitly ask for my permission first or similarly I want you to be able to create slides for
[00:47:35] Amrita: me automatically without asking for my permission. Um and so that makes it a lot easier for you to kind of granularly control what Grok Bot can or cannot do especially when it's doing long running tasks that you want to be a little bit aware of or, you know, kind of cognizant of what it's doing.
[00:47:54] Amrita: Give this a little more time while it's working. Um
[00:47:59] Amrita: one thing that I do want to say about Grok Bot and how basically it it's able to run is that the computers that it's using on are all isolated, meaning that one Grok Bot cannot access another Grok Bot 's computer. So the fact that, you know, Grok Bot is working on this Google Form here is not going to impact the fact that Slide Sonia is working on the slides over here. And that makes it easy actually for one Grok Bot to talk to another and work on two different things at the same time. So a way that
[00:48:26] Amrita: I use this is I often edit the same set of slides that my Grok Bot is editing. And that makes it really easy because I can have, you know, Slide Sonia edit slide one or two of mine of of my slides and I can edit, you know, the 10th or 11th slide. And we're not actually conflicting or making, you know, changes. We're both kind of collaborating on the same set of tasks. And that's kind of at the end of the day what Grok Bot is. It's a colleague that you can collaborate on. Um what's nice about Slide
[00:49:20] Amrita: I like doing this or I like giving my bot, you know, very explicit instructions because that makes it more consistent. And then if you ever want to add skills or routines, you can always add that to your bot as well. So while Data Dan is working, I can add a routine to Sonia that says, you know, every morning at 9:00 a.m. I want you to summarize
[00:49:40] Amrita: for me any changes that were made to this slide deck.
[00:49:45] Amrita: And uh let me know who made those changes.
[00:49:49] Amrita: So this is a slide deck that I've shared with a ton of my colleagues and I want to know, you know, if someone took out a slide, added new part to a different slide, I can add ask Sonia to actually keep all of that context and then set up a routine for me that will send that information to me every day at 9:00 a.m. And you can set up routines across multiple bots. So you can have a routine that says, hey, Slide Sonia, Email Ethan, can you guys work together and actually email a summary of all the
[00:50:15] Amrita: changes that were made in this slide deck to my boss, you know, once a week and so he is aware of what's going on there. And that makes it again a lot more collaborative and a lot easier to work across these multiple agents.
[00:50:28] Amrita: Cool.
[00:50:29] Amrita: I'm going to open up Data Dan again and see how the form is going.
[00:50:33] Amrita: Looks like it's making some changes. It's asking for a lot of approvals today, which is funny. I think it's because maybe it knows I'm on camera. Um but what it's going to do is once it's done, you know, kind of making this form and uh you know, deciding what we should put inside of the questions, what it's going to do is it's actually going to take this form and turn it into a QR code that I mentioned you all will scan. Um and then what's nice about that is you no longer have to send out links
[00:51:00] Amrita: for forms. I actually always just use QR codes that are made by Grok Bot for any form of external facing, you know, links or URLs that I have to show. And then it will take basically all of this information um and put it inside of a Google sheet that again it can access on its own computer. So in fact, what I can do is while it's working on this, I can go ahead and just actually look and see at the other, you know, forms or sheets that I have made inside of Grok Bot itself. And so this is again me
[00:51:28] Amrita: using Grok Bot 's computer to get access to the forms or the sheets or responses that it's made. And what's nice about this is sometimes if I want to take control over what it's doing or if I feel like it's taking a long time on a particular thing, I can go ahead and just do it on my own. And then again teach it how to do it in case it takes a long time or in case it's not aware of exactly what it should be doing. Um so what it's going to do is it's going to go to go ahead and make these changes
[00:51:53] Amrita: a little bit more. And then while it's working, I'm actually going to talk about Email Ethan and how we actually use email very very usefully at Grok Bot or at at Cursor, but with Grok Bot integrations with Google Drive and Google Docs. So Email Ethan's job is basically to take all the data that Slide Sonia and, you know, Data Dan took and basically consolidate that and send it out to external stakeholders. So what I like to do actually is I tell Email Ethan to look at real existing emails that I've
[00:52:24] Amrita: written before and consolidate that information into a particular scale or type of tone that it can use for further emails. So for example, I could say something like draft an email to and I'll say Jason Demore, someone in my contacts um about the data that I've gathered
[00:52:45] Amrita: on coffee habits.
[00:52:48] Amrita: And since it's still working on that data, it's not going to get anything just yet, but I'll show you all what drafting an email actually looks like in Grok Bot. Um what it will do is they'll actually be able to pull in data from either my own personal source or from sheets that I have and then set up a little modal inside of Grok Bot that actually asks the user, you know, hey, can I get your data from uh or hey, can I send user? Um as I So this is actually where I would say something like when I
[00:53:15] Amrita: want Grok Bot to reply to emails for me,
[00:53:18] Amrita: I'm actually going to ask first and add that as a rule. And then now what it's going to do is before it sends any email, it's always going to ask me first. Um and that makes it so that I don't have to always um you know, monitor or worry about what it's going to send to any external facing customers.
[00:53:37] Amrita: Cool.
[00:53:39] Amrita: Okay. So one thing that I want to show is the agents talking to each other. And so what I'll do actually is I'll tell Email Ethan while it's working and this is also an example of bot steering of how it can talk to Slide Sonia and get information from what she knows and context from what she knows. So there's many ways you can do this. You can always ask your bot in its description to delegate to other agents. So for example, I think some people have talked to have a chief of staff agent. In your
[00:54:05] Amrita: description you can say something like
[00:54:08] Amrita: like I always want you to delegate
[00:54:12] Amrita: to your team. And that way the chief of staff actually doesn't do anything on its own. It delegates to its subordinate agents that have the right context. But what I'll do here instead is I'll say something like you can see here at Message Data Dan completely on its own. I can say something like can you message Slide Guru or Slide Sonia and ask her for any details about the Grok Bot Galaxy 101 slide deck that she made. I want to send an email to my co-worker about what we showed today.
[00:54:48] Amrita: So you'll notice that it was smart enough to know to message Data Dan for the coffee related information, but now I'm explicitly tagging or calling another agent that it can work with in order to kind of get the right context and information at the right time. And that's what kind of makes these agents so powerful is their experts and their personas in their own field. And so you'll see in kind of the Grok Bot for engineering and Grok Bot for sales demos is those agents are long-lived personas. They
[00:55:15] Amrita: have memory. And so because of that, they're not just scope to one task or one project. They can be used for multiple tasks and multiple projects. I can have, you know, Email Ethan work for the next year if I want it. And now he will have context about every email that I've sent and he'll be able to learn from all of that. Similarly Slide Sonia, she doesn't know just how to make, you know, this one type of slide. I can teach her how to work in, you know, a different branding or a different theme.
[00:55:40] Amrita: Her job is just to create slides generally. And so I can always change the scope and the persona of these agents in order to make them as useful to me as possible. Um the way I like to think about Grok Bot generally is you're basically creating your own company. You're creating your own team of agents and you have the choice and the decision of how you want to orchestrate that. If you want your agents to be divided up by, you know, project, you can do that. If you want them to be divided up by what
[00:56:05] Amrita: they're expert in, you can do that as well. And so it's kind of up to you and how you want to orchestrate them and have them work with each other on particular tasks.
[00:56:15] Amrita: So as you can see, I'll show you both how uh Email Ethan message Dan and how he also message Slide Sonia. So you'll see here these are the messages between Grok Bot s. You'll notice that Email Ethan will always say Amrita asked me to do this thing. Data Dan will say, I don't have this right yet, you know, I'm still working on this on the spreadsheet. And Email Ethan will say, okay, I'll use my existing, you know, coffee cup sample data set that I have. Amazing. And then if we go back actually to
[00:56:41] Amrita: If I want to go back to Email Ethan here, go back to what Email message Slide Sonia, you'll see kind of same thing. Amrita needs details on this. Please come back with a concise briefing deck about this and give me any more information that I can use going forward. And then you'll see that Slide Sonia has that same message from Email Ethan and is able to kind of respond back and see what's going on here. So if I click on her again, you'll see that, okay, you know, he asked for this one-on-one briefing
[00:57:05] Amrita: for a co-worker. I'm going to scan the full deck and then pass Ethan an outline when it's ready. So this is agent-to-agent protocol, agent-to-agent communication, which makes it really easy for these agents to work together. Um but what I also like about it is that I no longer have to monitor what's going on. I can kind of be more of a, you know, a manager, an overseer and make sure that everything is, you know, going well, but I don't have to get into the nitty-gritty details of what these agents
[00:57:31] Amrita: are doing in order to kind of get the job done. As Roman mentioned, the goal of Grok Bot is to have finished work, whether that's, you know, slides being made, emails being drafted, forms being created. By the end of the day, I am just making sure that the orchestration is working rather than kind of going in and seeing exactly what's being done here.
[00:57:52] Amrita: Okay.
[00:57:54] Amrita: All right. So I'll say I'll say this co-worker is for Jason. That's fine. And then what I'll do is I'll check on my form one more time and see how it's doing here. As you can see, it's still messaging with Email Ethan, but now it's worked on creating this how many cups of coffee do you drink a day and what are your favorite cups in the in the in San Francisco? So it's working on kind of adding those options here.
[00:58:18] Amrita: The speed of these kind of computers really depends a lot of times on again the model and how we're working on computer use as as a company and as a org. You'll notice that computer use is going to become a very very hot topic for Grok Bot, for Cursor and SpaceX generally. And you'll see computer use continue to be improved over the next couple of weeks.
[00:58:39] Amrita: You'll see actually what I really like about these machines is because they're Linux VMs, they're very lightweight and they're very easy to spin up. And so what I actually do sometimes is if I'm on an airplane and I have bad Wi-Fi, I actually outsource all my, you know, agent work, my computer use to my Grok Bot because the Wi-Fi on its own Linux VMs is really really great. It's very fast. And so this is kind of how I I do any outsourcing of work again for things that don't have MCPs. So Google Forms,
[00:59:07] Amrita: Qualtrics. And then, you know, once it starts adding options like it's doing here, it makes it a lot easier for me to kind of create these really long running tasks without me having to manually go and do this. I can again focus my work on something else.
[00:59:22] Amrita: Okay.
[00:59:24] Amrita: All right. So as you can see, the bot always asks for permission on connecting to outside services. So as you can see here it says the agent is trying to reply to an email and this is blocked by my own personal auto review rules. So it's respecting the rule that I put in already, which says that, hey, I don't you want you to apply or I don't want to reply to emails for me. I'm going to go ahead and just say allow once so that it's able to kind of send that content over. And then what it will do
[00:59:48] Amrita: is it'll actually show me a draft of that email.
[00:59:51] Amrita: What's nice about these agents is let's say I want to do this maybe twice, three times, four times. You can always duplicate an agent and
[01:00:00] Amrita: have maybe like five or six email agents. Um and sometimes I'll do this if I'm emailing different stakeholders. So, I'll have one email agent that's designed for emailing, you know, exacts or CTOs or CFOs. I'll have another one that's designed for emailing just general users of Grok Bot, you know, or you know, regular folks who are using it every day to get feedback. Um I'll have another email agent that's meant for, you know, messaging my my team at work. And so they all are tailored a little bit
[01:00:28] Amrita: differently to be able to understand how different, you know, stakeholders will respond to a particular type of email. Um and so this is really great if you ever want to duplicate or try multiple different strategies in an agent. And then one thing I also love to show is sharing. Um and so what you can do with a bot is you can always share it as a template and then give it to other people in your team. And this is what really kind of uplifts the multiplayer aspect of Grok Bot um is you can have one
[01:00:58] Amrita: agent that's shared across your whole team as a template and then people can customize it for their own personal use case. You might have seen that earlier actually when I hit marketplace. You can see here that these are featured bots. These are actually just public. So, Lauren is from Cursor and these are this is her bot that she's published. But Clairevo, Lenny, and Eric is also from Cursor. These are all bots that they've published that I can eventually just use and incorporate into my own Grok Bot
[01:01:25] Amrita: ecosystem. And then you'll notice that these are, you know, from my team itself. So, if I ever want to publish my own Grok Bot to my team, to my company, I can do that as well. And it makes it really easy as I mentioned to have bots that are similar so that there's consistency. For example, if you're on a design team at work and you have a brand design bot, you want to make sure that the brand design bot is following the same colors, fonts, typography as everyone else's. And so you would publish
[01:01:52] Amrita: one brand design bot then everyone at your company can then use. Um and so publishing bots like this makes it really easy to have consistency. But then it's also really easy to kind of, you know, modify them, change them, and then people will get the most updated version of your bot. So, if you haven't shared a bot yet, please do. Um it's really really easy to do. You just hit this again as I mentioned, share as template at the top. Um and then anyone will be able to kind of see your bot and use
[01:02:18] Amrita: it for all its glory.
[01:02:21] Amrita: Okay. So, here's an example of how an email draft looks inside of Grok Bot. You'll notice that it has this really nice modal here which basically allows you again to edit things, change things, do whatever you want. Um I can even change, you know, who my recipient is if it's not the right person that I wanted to send it to. Um I can also delete it or ask it to rephrase it um if I don't like the writing. Um and so this is kind of a good way of doing any form of email drafting within Grok Bot so that
[01:02:47] Amrita: you don't necessarily have to comb through all your drafts inside of your emails. You can kind of do all of that within Grok Bot itself. Um and so we do a lot of obviously emailing, out bounding within Cursor. Um but the way that we do a lot of that is through Grok Bot. Um and so it's a really powerful tool especially when, as I mentioned, it can talk to Slide Guru or talk to other tools and get context from those agents to then incorporate inside of your email itself.
[01:03:17] Amrita: Okay. I'm going to look at Data Dan one more time and looks like my copy form is ready. Amazing. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to say this looks great. Can you um turn this into a QR code that people can scan?
[01:03:33] Amrita: And then what I'll do is once the QR code is up, I'll have folks just scan it real quick. We'll get the responses and then the last thing we'll do, we have about 10 minutes left, is we'll turn those responses into some beautiful slides that will incorporate into our Grok Bot 101 deck. Um and then we can all see what everyone's favorite coffee shop is both in the room and remotely. Um so it's going to generate a QR code in just a second. Um and then we'll be good to go.
[01:03:58] Amrita: One thing that I do want to show before Data Dan kind of finishes um is the sections in Grok Bot that you can categorize things into. So, you'll notice actually that I have two. Unassigned is basically Grok Bot that don't really have a place. Um but this is actually an linked um we'll actually show a lot of these Grok Bot in the engineering session. This is actually where my engineering team of Grok Bot live. And I like having them in this particular area because that makes it really easy to kind of,
[01:04:24] Amrita: you know, separate them from the agents that are in this session and also kind of categorize where things particularly, you know, belong or respond. Um you can create as many bots as you want, but you can also create group chats with your bots and then you can categorize those as well. So, if I want to create a group chat, for example, with multiple bots, um someone was asking me earlier how is this different from the messaging each other and it's more so a visibility thing. So, for example, if
[01:04:48] Amrita: I want to put email Ethan, Data Dan, Slide Sonia in a group chat and kind of just see how they interact with each other, it makes it easier for me to kind of just see that communication protocol rather than me clicking into how they're messaging each one.
[01:05:01] Amrita: So, actually let's go ahead and just say hello
[01:05:04] Amrita: and see how these three respond to each other.
[01:05:09] Amrita: And then we'll give a second for Data Dan to give us a little QR code here. Um go ahead and do it. No need for a security check.
[01:05:22] Amrita: But one thing that I do want to call out is when Grok Bot refuses to do something or when it's basically asking you questions, take that as a sign that you may need to teach it something or you basically need to kind of guide it into the place that you want it to go. So, a lot of times, let's say if my Grok Bot is writing a particular way, um I'll basically give it the guidance so that it stores it in its memory of how it should be done. So, I'll say something like I want you to make sure that, you
[01:05:47] Amrita: know, you never use um you know, you never use my first and last name whenever referring to me. You just use my first name. Something like that that is now stored in its memory forever and going forward it will keep that. So, anytime you guide or steer Grok Bot, understand that that's being stored in its memory in S3 buckets actually for the future so that it's able to be kind of guided um whenever it's making choices on what it should do later in its, you know, in its life.
[01:06:13] Amrita: Okay. Here's our QR code if everyone wants to scan this and enter in data from the form. We'll get that data up there. I'll show you all again how Grok Bot is able to see data and how it's able to kind of translate that data into slides. Um and then we'll end it with some questions.
[01:06:30] Amrita: And then remote folks, if you want to scan this as well if you're watching um from the live stream, I would love to see how many cups of coffee everyone's drinking um and where they're getting their coffee from. Oh, is it not working?
[01:06:42] SPEAKER_01: I have no idea.
[01:06:43] Amrita: What are we getting? Oh, no access. Huh.
[01:06:46] SPEAKER_01: Wait. Uh request is not exist.
[01:06:48] Amrita: Huh. Okay. Well, let's ask Grok Bot. I'm going to say looks like folks are unable to scan.
[01:06:58] Amrita: Let's make sure this link is public.
[01:07:04] Amrita: Excuse me.
[01:07:08] Amrita: I actually will talk about this in my later session about debugging with Grok Bot. Um as a field engineer that's a big part of what I do um is customers will come and they'll ask me, hey, something isn't working. How do I fix it? Um and one thing that I do with Grok Bot that's really great is I always give it information as to, you know, what's going wrong, how do I fix it. Um but then I also tell it when it does a good job in terms of like giving it validation as to, okay, you debugged this in the
[01:07:32] Amrita: right way or you, you know, troubleshooted this in the right way. Um I've always found when debugging with Grok Bot, both for engineering and field engineering work, is that the more, you know, details you give it and the more validation you give it on how it tested tested a particular thing, the better it does. Um and so you'll see here that, you know, for example, if I said folks are unable to scan this, let's make sure this link is public, it's automatically understanding, okay, I need to work
[01:07:57] Amrita: on the sharing settings. It's probably going to go and check the sharing settings here right now. Um and then it'll kind of decide, okay, I'm going to get this copy responder link and make sure that people are able to find it.
[01:08:12] Amrita: Okay.
[01:08:14] Amrita: Cool. We'll give us a couple minutes while it figures it out. Um one thing I want to show with the group chat, let me actually just show that real quick is our group chat that we made is that as these agents are talking to each other, I can make sure that, you know, the agents stay in their own swim lanes, but that they're also able to understand the context of what the other agent can do. So, as you can see here, they all understand their own workflows, but what they're able to do is that they're
[01:08:41] Amrita: able to actually see
[01:08:43] Amrita: how each agent works together in a particular use case. So, for example, I can even talk to these agents and say, hey, Ethan, remember when you and Sonia worked on that email together? And then they would be able to use that context and then bring it into another task or another choice that it needs to make. So, for example, I can say something like um let's work on uh creating a new slide inside Slide Sonia. And I 'll show that real quick um that has data. And I'll just use the the test spreadsheet
[01:09:15] Amrita: that I had so far from the coffee data set
[01:09:20] Amrita: from earlier.
[01:09:22] Amrita: Um create a chart
[01:09:26] Amrita: on the last slide of the deck.
[01:09:29] Amrita: And then I 'll say when you're done,
[01:09:31] Amrita: email Ethan should send out an email
[01:09:35] Amrita: to I'll just use Jason again uh with details about the coffee data.
[01:09:42] Amrita: So, this is an example again of how all of these agents are working together, but because they're in the group chat, I can see their communication styles without them just messaging each other one one-on-one. Um so the delegation one-on-one is kind of up to you and how you want to show that. But inside of this group chat is basically the easiest way to kind of see all of that delegation in one place. Um so you'll notice that each one of these agents will respond basically to my parent agent and
[01:10:08] Amrita: then be able to see kind of exactly how it will work uh together in on this particular task.
[01:10:15] Amrita: Cool. So, you can see email Ethan says, all right, I've got these sample data already. Um and then what I'll do is I'll hold the note until Sonia's slide lands. So, that's a nice thing about these agents is they understand dependencies and they're able to kind of see, okay, like you know, this agent needs to do this work first and then another agent will respond after. And that makes it really easy for the agents to orchestrate their work without having any like conflicting changes. This is also
[01:10:39] Amrita: really great for engineering use cases to avoid merge conflicts because you have one agent kind of understanding when there's another dependency and can work around those tools.
[01:10:50] Amrita: Okay. So, we'll let these guys work on this kind of coffee data set chart. Um in the meantime, we can go back to Data Dan and see how they responded to this troubleshooting. So, we can go ahead and see exactly what it's doing here to try and solve this issue. Um one of the biggest kind of advice is that I like to give to folks is you're having trouble with Grok Bot accomplishing a task, work with it on exactly what your outcome is. So, I always like to start with this is what I want to produce or
[01:11:16] Amrita: this is my outcome. And then it will be able to kind of work backwards from there. Um anytime you kind of tell Grok Bot like, hey, this isn't working, but you're not giving it enough details, it's not able to learn from its mistakes. So, the more you're able to kind of guide it into the place that you want, which is, you know, hey, I want to get this QR code working, but it 's not working, you can kind of push it in the right direction so it's able to understand exactly what it should be doing again
[01:11:40] Amrita: on its own machine here. So, it has everything ready which is great, but now, you know, it's having trouble sharing it and that's kind of where I can nudge it to exactly where I want it to go.
[01:11:52] Amrita: Cool.
[01:11:53] Amrita: I'm going to go back to the group chat again so we can see exactly how these four agents work with each other on this particular, you know, chart, slide, whatever you want to call it. Um but one thing that I will add is you can add a orchestrator agent as I've mentioned kind of a chief of staff to basically get live updates from all of these agents as they're working if you don't want to be the person that's kind of monitoring all of it. So, what I'll actually do is I'll create someone called a
[01:12:19] Amrita: manager.
[01:12:22] Amrita: And I'll actually just name it live here. I'll say manager and I'll say exactly who they're managing. So, I'll say your job is to get updates from email Ethan, Slide Sonia, and Data Dan on what they're working on.
[01:12:40] Amrita: And then similarly, you can set up a routine in the manager agent as well. You can say something like uh every, you know, 2 hours maybe, I want you to solicit updates from your team and see if there are any blockers.
[01:12:56] Amrita: And so a lot of times, I mean this is a a normal kind of workflow for humans, right, is if you are working with a team and there's a blocker, you surface it to your manager and see how you can get unblocked. You can do the exact same thing with agents. So, for example, this manager agent, let's say we ran into that same problem earlier where Data Dan wasn't able to create a shareable form, you can have the manager agent immediately get an update about that and say, hey, you know, Data Dan is blocked
[01:13:20] Amrita: on this particular thing. How are we going to be able to solve it? And you know, let's ping Amrita, let's ping Slide Sonia and make sure that she is aware of this problem. And so this is kind of a really great way of, you know, having again that orchestration layer above your agents, but also being aware of anything that's getting blocked, anything that's not, you know, being able to get solved in time just by having an orchestrator agent like this work on these tasks.
[01:13:45] Amrita: Okay.
[01:13:47] Amrita: I'm going to go back to my group chat now. You'll see that email is standing by for a screenshot. The screenshot's going to be of the data that Slide Sonia is able to create from the coffee cups. And then what you'll do is you'll see you know, a very similar email draft. You'll probably see a slide as well um about all of the data that you would get from like a a coffee shop data and get that into a a workable kind of presentable slide deck or email. So, we'll see that in a second. In the meantime,
[01:14:14] Amrita: I do want to check and see how this is going. We'll keep in touch with Data Dan just because at the end of the day I do want to know what everyone's favorite coffee shop is. And so we will get that information before we leave. Um but we might have to bleed into the Q&A for that. So, I'm about to kind of pause at the end for the live stream. Um we do want to kind of check back in with or I I encourage remote folks actually to check back in with Matt, Roshan, and Lauren on how their their company
[01:14:40] Amrita: is going. Um so please if you are on the live stream, go check back in with them and see how it's going. Um if not, I'm happy to kind of pause here. I 'm going to keep all the Grok Bot live here and running so we can see how things are going. We can see how Data Dan does. Um and then I 'm happy to open it up for questions in the room for the last 15 minutes from anyone who is here in person.
[01:15:03] Amrita: All right.
[01:15:05] Amrita: Cool. Yeah, I'm happy to answer your questions. Yes.
[01:15:08] SPEAKER_02: Uh so uh how do you think about kind of capabilities that you give the bots in terms of actual actions that they can do like, you know, uh send an email,
[01:15:18] SPEAKER_02: you know, make a payment, um
[01:15:21] SPEAKER_02: you know, interact with say an external company. Oh, sorry about that. Uh let me just repeat that. So, how do you think about the the capabilities that you're giving the bots in terms of, you know, maybe sending an email, making a payment, or interacting with somebody externally in a way that uh you know, you'd ordinarily be careful of delegating that. Um
[01:15:43] SPEAKER_02: can you just tell me a little bit about how that gets in the way of of the bots workflows?
[01:15:47] Amrita: Yeah. So, when a bot asks you for approval, so for example, when we created this Google form, you know, Data Dan asked us for a lot of approvals, that is determined by something called our auto review tool which basically has like a classifier under the hood that decides how risky or how safe is this particular action. Like is this something that we want, you know, to ask Amrita approval for or is this something that we feel comfortable doing? So, we have a baseline auto review tool under the hood.
[01:16:15] Amrita: And then in addition to that, we have those rules that I showed which is, for example, I can always make sure even if it's something very safe like running, you know, uh uh making uh making a directory to terminal, you know, or some sort of command like that, I can tell Grok Bot, hey, even if you're making a new folder inside of my desktop, I want you to ask me for permission. So, you can be as prescriptive as you want in those rules on how, you know, you want it to make decisions or you can let
[01:16:44] Amrita: the auto review tool that we've built under the hood make those decisions for you. So, it's kind of up to you on how, you know, how safe you want to be in those scenarios. I will say though, I mean you will even see in this scenario, right, that Grok Bot was even overly prescriptive here and asking me for questions. Like it was creating a forum, but I wanted to make sure that the forum it was creating wasn't asking for any PHI or PII and it was making sure that every step of the way I was being involved.
[01:17:08] Amrita: And that's just the auto reviewer that we have under the hood making those decisions for you.
[01:17:16] SPEAKER_02: So, just a quick follow-up question. Thinking more from the other direction of how you build enough trust so that you actually don't need to constantly right? Because otherwise they they keep stopping you and uh they they don't work on their own.
[01:17:18] Amrita: Yeah.
[01:17:22] Amrita: Oh, I see what you're saying.
[01:17:28] Amrita: Yeah. Um I will say that, for example, in this this is actually not, I would say, particularly normal. Like usually when I work with my bots, it's not, you know, asking me for permission every single time it's trying to create a form. Um there is that concept of memory, right? So, the bots are able to learn, for example, if it asks me a question, let's say it says, you know, should I email this person with this particular copy, I could respond to it and say, yeah, this looks great and going forward
[01:17:53] Amrita: you don't need to ask me about the copy. Just go ahead and send it. So, if I want to give it that permission or if I want to kind of improve its memory that way, I can go ahead and do that and build that trust.
[01:18:07] SPEAKER_02: Are we able to add um human inside the group chat as well so that you have bots and human all work together?
[01:18:15] Amrita: That's a great question. Um we're working on something kind of similar to that. Um so, for example, we have a use case where you can just tag a bot in Slack, for example. So, I can say at bot, I want to want you to add a new feature to our code base. And then someone else could also chime in in that thread. So, one of my colleagues could be like at bot, I want you also want you to make sure that the performance of the API endpoints on that, you know, on that feature is also up to par. So, you can
[01:18:42] Amrita: have humans and bots working together. Right now, I'm seeing it kind of like in a like a Slack thread. So, you can have multiple people chime in on a bot and the bot can work in with all of that inputs. Um we're still working on what that interface will look like inside of Grok Bot, but that should be coming very soon as having like a multiplayer group chat mode with humans and bots working together.
[01:19:06] Amrita: Any other questions from folks in the room?
[01:19:12] Amrita: Yeah. I see I see a couple.
[01:19:19] SPEAKER_03: I have a couple of questions. So,
[01:19:20] Amrita: Yeah.
[01:19:21] SPEAKER_03: for enterprise, is there like any in the road map where the VMs could access internal tools?
[01:19:26] Amrita: Yeah. Um so, it depends again on what tools you can give it access to. So, your Grok Bot's computer, you can basically make it as locked down or as open as you want it to be. So, for example, I think someone was asking me earlier like, hey, I wanted to access MongoDB um my MongoDB instance. You can give your Grok Bot credentials on on its computer and and use that for whatever work it needs to get done. Um you can also have, you know, your Grok Bot computer be a part of your VPN um if there's particular
[01:19:54] Amrita: things in your, you know, company or your code base that you want to make sure that Grok Bot does or doesn't have access to. Um so, any internal systems Grok Bot can access. You just have to make sure that you give it the right credentials. Um we have actually we just released a really good integration with One Password. Um so, if there's anything that it needs across, you know, those secure credentials, it can do that as well. Um but yes, it can absolutely access internal systems uh just depending
[01:20:17] Amrita: on what the auth looks like there.
[01:20:20] SPEAKER_03: And can you just share a little bit more about the learning from the video like what's going on in the back end? Like is it taking screenshots and and reading the screen? Like what's actually
[01:20:24] Amrita: Yeah.
[01:20:29] Amrita: Yeah. So, you can see here, let's actually see how this does. So, you can see here, right, this was getting data from a particular spreadsheet and it's, you know, using that data to either create a slide or send out an email. Um you'll notice that you can see here a couple things. The first is that all of these agents work with their own computers. And so if I ask them to take a screenshot on something, it totally can. If I also ask it, for example, like I asked, you know, Data Dan to be able to
[01:20:59] Amrita: create a form, it can do that as well. So, anything that I can do on my own machine, Grok Bot can do on its machine. Um anything that I want saved, for example, a screenshot or even an artifact, if I want it to like give me a PDF or a PowerPoint slide, it can do that as well. And then I can save those locally. But everything that's happening, you know, in this little screen here is on Grok Bot's machine. And what makes that so powerful is these are all happening in the cloud. Meaning I can shut my
[01:21:25] Amrita: laptop and it will still work. You know, Grok Bot will still be working on my slide deck without me even having my laptop open. And so that's kind of the beauty of all of this is, you know, Data Dan, Slide Sonia, and email Ethan all have access to their own computers. They're able to again modify forms, they're able to create slides, they're able to create spreadsheets, and they can do all of that with my laptop closed because of their computer access.
[01:21:50] SPEAKER_03: So, I meant if you can go down a deep deep into like the teacher task feature like what's going on. Is it
[01:21:54] Amrita: Mhm. Yeah.
[01:21:56] SPEAKER_03: when you teach a task, when it watches the screen, is it taking screenshots and learning or is it
[01:22:01] Amrita: Yeah. So, the teacher task in particular, you can see here that it said, okay, I wanted to add an animation to the slide. It was able to watch that video that I showed it and then it was able to kind of see, okay, this is exactly what you showed. Um I was able to select an object, pick the type, look at it optionally. And then once it's done, what it does is it saves this as a skill. And so I can click into this here and see that it so now has the skill for adding an animation and I can now use
[01:22:27] Amrita: the skill whenever I want going forward. So, anytime I want to say, hey, remember that animation I showed you earlier, I want you to go ahead and add that to um to this section.
[01:22:38] SPEAKER_04: And then I have a question. And then my question is you mentioned that there is an option to like share templates internally with teams. Is there also like a public marketplace to get templates or bots from other people?
[01:22:44] Amrita: Mhm.
[01:22:47] Amrita: Yes.
[01:22:49] Amrita: Yep. Um so, actually if I actually just load my marketplace here, um you'll see these are all bots from just public public marketplaces. So, if you guys actually open up Grok Bot on your phone, on your laptops, you should see all of these bots. Um Claire's, Lauren's, Eric's, and Lenny's have all been published publicly. Um these are the ones like from the Grok Bot team that are internal just to me. But you'll see a lot of the, you know, published marketplace bots on your marketplace whenever you kind
[01:23:15] Amrita: of open it up. Um and then if you want to share your own bot with us as well, we actually have a uh challenge that's going on right now just so I don't forget. Um I'll quickly show this is if you want to explain what your bot does and actually give a link to your bot, um we're basically giving people a chance to go visit Starbase um and potentially see a Starlink sorry a Starship launch. Um and so this is kind of a good segue to if you ever want to see a bot on marketplace, it could be your own
[01:23:46] Amrita: if you go ahead and just enter right here.
[01:23:50] Amrita: Okay. I'll put this QR code up in the end because I do think there's a couple more questions, but this QR code will work. Yes.
[01:24:01] SPEAKER_03: I'm interested the uh the One Password that you mentioned. Um so, do you have to sign in to One Password on the bot's virtual computer?
[01:24:09] Amrita: Yes. Um we have actually so basically what will happen is it will actually pop up a modal. Let me see if I can show the email modal that we had. It will pop up a modal similar to this when it asks to to log into One Password. And whenever it does modals like this where let say you have to put API secrets or environment secrets, it stores that very securely within Grok Bot so that none of that is actually being exposed to us or, you know, anyone in the SpaceX side. So, it will actually show up here
[01:24:36] Amrita: rather than, you know, on their VM machine and then it'll use those credentials to log into whatever services you need.
[01:24:44] SPEAKER_05: Hi. Thank you for the presentation. Uh can you explain a little bit how the memory works? Can you edit it? Can you curate it? How does it forget stuff that you don't need anymore?
[01:24:55] Amrita: Great question. So, memory is stored in S3 buckets inside of Grok Bot. And basically what that means it's it's long-lived, it's persistent, but you can also modify it. Um and so if there's anything that you want to do around uh you know, asking it to forget a particular thing that it's done. For example, one time I had a list of bots that I deleted for a particular demo. Um and I asked, you know, the chief of staff bot to say, hey, you know, remember those two bots that you spun up, I want you to
[01:25:21] Amrita: no longer delegate to them or use them. And so there's kind of a little bit of a uh a nuance there where a bot has memory about everything that you've told it. But for example, if it delegated to another bot that no longer exists, it's not going to remember that or it's not going to know that that bot has been deleted. So, there is some things there where you are going to have to update and kind of improve its memory so that it's able to learn from those things. Um another great thing about memory
[01:25:46] Amrita: is as I mentioned, you can duplicate bots. When you duplicate a bot, what it's nice about it is that it starts with fresh context and fresh memory. Um and so it'll have the same kind of persona that you want which is, for example, this email Ethan, but it's not going to have any of the memory that it had before. It's almost like starting like a brand new, you know, human or robot with zero memory, but still the the workings and understandings of how to how to go forward.
[01:26:09] Amrita: Great question.
[01:26:16] Amrita: Okay. We've about 4 more minutes. I'm going to put this slide back up um so you all can see it. Um and then I will end with just a couple learnings to kind of sum up what we've done so far. Um my biggest advice about Grok Bot is to try it. Um it's very simple as you saw to spin up any number of bots. Um but I think what I like to do whenever I think about using Grok Bot is I think of what is the most, you know, annoying part of my day that I wish I didn't have to do. Um in this scenario it could be,
[01:26:45] Amrita: you know, creating Google forms and sending them out and then analyzing data. It could be something from, you know, outbounding emails. You'll see a lot of that in um the Grok Bot for sales and Grok Bot for SDRs. It could be something like for the engineering team like cleaning up stale feature flags. Um for field engineers it could be anything from responding to like customer support tickets that I've, you know, forgotten about. So, I encourage everyone to to think about a part of their day that
[01:27:10] Amrita: they wish they didn't have to do or they wish they could get time back from. Um and then work with Grok Bot on it. Think of some agents that you can work on whether you give them kind of a personality and the the kind of workings to be able to do your job, but also to take that part of your job and then invest that time elsewhere. I think that's the beauty of Grok Bot is now I have this time back that I can spend either, you know, creating more demos um or drinking more coffee. Whatever kind of makes
[01:27:35] Amrita: me happy um is what I'm able to do thanks to Grok Bot. Um and I've heard some great stories from today of how people have used it um but have made me really happy to hear. So, I encourage folks to talk to other people in the crowd as well and hear how they're using Grok Bot because it's really really interesting to see how different companies of different sizes are able to kind of leverage Grok Bot for a host of different use cases here.
[01:28:01] Amrita: Cool.
[01:28:02] Amrita: Um so, to summarize uh I think this is up long enough. I hope everyone's gotten that screenshot. To summarize today's learnings,
[01:28:10] Amrita: kind of three main things. The first is bots can access tools that are outside of MCPs. So, bots can create forms, bots can create Qualtrics data. Um bots can again use uh services inside of your guys's customer, you know, VPNs. Um what's nice about that is that you no longer have to connect to MCPs and go through auth. All you have to do is give bot its computer and say, hey, this is what I want you to access, this is what I want you to do. Again start with the outcome with bot and then it'll be
[01:28:39] Amrita: able to kind of
[01:28:40] Amrita: work backwards as I said and figure out what it needs to do in order to get to that outcome. Um bots have memory and can learn from video teaching. So, we saw that earlier where I taught bot how to learn an animation and I was able to kind of use that as a skill and apply that going forward. Um we talked about memory a little bit in terms of you can have basically a bot that works across multiple projects because it's an expert in its domain. It's a persona, it's not a task and that's what makes
[01:29:06] Amrita: it so powerful is that you can have a long-living bot working across many different things. And then I mean we we learned this very well that bots get human approval for tasks. Um and that's because we want to make sure that bots are ready for an enterprise setting, that it's asking you for permission for the right things, and that it's not going to, you know, do anything dangerous or be a bad actor and basically get you exactly what it needs to get done without um you know, without doing anything
[01:29:31] Amrita: that you wouldn't want it to do. All right.
[01:29:34] Amrita: That's it for me. Thank you everybody.
[01:30:56] Matt Palmer: And we're back. Welcome back, everybody. You just saw Grok Bot 101 with Amrit and Roman. And so, you know, today is going to be a mix of these sessions and then in-person building. And you might also notice we have a new guest. So, I'm going to walk through a quick run of show. We're going to introduce our guests here. And then we're going to get to building. All we really did for the last like 30 minutes was hang out. Maybe we got some We got our coffee. We got our water.
[01:31:19] Matt Palmer: We just slacked off.
[01:31:20] Matt Palmer: We We made some We made a slack. So, we'll we'll show you what we got. But before I get into the next block, I just want to give everybody a rundown. General overview. My My team is telling me I have to say this, so we're going to say it.
[01:31:32] Matt Palmer: We have Grok Bot for engineering. Super exciting session. I mean, we have so many great engineers at xAI.
[01:31:37] Matt Palmer: A ton A ton of them.
[01:31:38] Matt Palmer: I literally can't believe I get to work with these people. We're just like And we're just giving this away for free. Honestly, like I feel like if there were like if there was like a course guy out there, they'd be making so much money, but we're generous.
[01:31:49] Matt Palmer: This is the course. Yeah.
[01:31:49] Matt Palmer: And then So, that's 12:30 p.m. PST to 2:00. 2:30 to 3:30 is Grok Bot for product managers. We have a product manager with us. We have a former former product manager.
[01:32:00] Matt Palmer: You You have You have a good product manager and a bad product manager.
[01:32:04] Matt Palmer: Again, we'll do some intros, but Grok Bot for product managers at 2:30 with Kevin. And then Grok Bot for founders 4:00 to 5:30 later this evening shove. So, you're going to want to see all of those. But joining us right now is the is Peter Yang, the great Peter Yang. So, Peter, maybe you want to tell our viewers a little bit about yourself.
[01:32:22] Peter Yang: Yeah, hey everyone. My name is Peter. I was a product manager for over a decade. And then I kind of semi-retired. Now I'm Now I'm a YouTuber, you know, after all that training.
[01:32:31] Peter Yang: And I did make like practical AI interviews and tutorials. And I I really love Grok Bot. I use Grok Bot to run my one-person business. I talk to my bots all day instead of humans. It's kind of sad, but you know, I try. And yeah, really excited to be here.
[01:32:44] Matt Palmer: Yeah, so Peter runs behind the crap, which is a newsletter, right?
[01:32:48] Peter Yang: Yep.
[01:32:49] Matt Palmer: And then And in your newsletter A lot of people read this newsletter if I'm not mistaken.
[01:32:52] Peter Yang: Yeah, all these people not bots, but yeah.
[01:32:54] Matt Palmer: Okay, so not bots, real people. And YouTube channel. So, this is going to be kind of the vibe. Like as we bring people in, we're just going to chat. And what better way to start building a product than with someone who's built
[01:33:06] Matt Palmer: As some of these products that I am reading that Peter is working on are amazing products. So, I think first thing we're going to do is start like hiring some employees, right? Okay, cool.
[01:33:13] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah, should we do a quick tour of kind of how we set things up already?
[01:33:16] Matt Palmer: Okay, sure. Yeah. So, yeah, Roshan is going to walk through like what we got so far, I guess, on his screen so we can cut over there. And we can start like going through what we got.
[01:33:25] Matt Palmer: Yeah, let's do it. So, yeah, we weren't completely slacking off in the last few minutes during that presentation. A little bit. A little bit. You know, any any good company formation involves some some gathering of thoughts. But yeah, we we got a couple of things set up. So, I don't know if we can see my screen here. But we're We got a couple of setups here. We have our Ship by Thursday GitHub org, which I think we talked about a little bit before. So, you can see it's blank. No repositories yet.
[01:33:51] Matt Palmer: We'll We'll get that going pretty soon, hopefully. We did make ourselves a Slack channel so we and our bots can chat with each other. I think that'll be really great. We have a lot of really fun We have a lot of fun day-to-day in xAI Slack getting to be able to chat with our bots and having them interact in Slack. And so, I think that'll be really helpful. And we have a Notion workspace. We wanted to write some stuff down, maybe create, you know, some some handbooks, some onboarding guides
[01:34:16] Matt Palmer: for all these bots we're going to hire.
[01:34:19] Matt Palmer: What do you think, Lauren? Are we Should we be taking notes in Notion?
[01:34:24] Lauren: You know, I'm I don't really take notes, but you can do whatever you want.
[01:34:30] Lauren: I I like to like You know, I like to do it the moment I see it, you know what I mean? So, I think I think we will will need
[01:34:34] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:34:37] Lauren: docs maybe for
[01:34:39] Lauren: keeping track of things, backlog items. But I'm wondering if we can just, you know, be really scrappy and really fast moving, you know? And
[01:34:49] Lauren: Cuz like docs are just going to go out of date so quickly. So, let's
[01:34:52] Matt Palmer: Yeah. I think we should hire some more employees, you know? What do you think? Let's hire some bots.
[01:34:55] Matt Palmer: We We need some bots for here.
[01:34:56] Matt Palmer: Yeah, yeah, let's just Let's do it. Okay. Let me just switch you over to Grok Bot. So, this is This is my Grok Bot. As you can see, it's completely blank.
[01:35:02] Matt Palmer: And well, there's there's nothing here. The only thing I have done is I've gone into the marketplace and I've connected the X MCP. And so, we have our connection to X all set up. And I guess, Peter, I'm curious to hear like where do you think we should start? You know, we we talked a little bit off camera about music research maybe and getting started that way and kind of like understanding the voice of the customer and thinking of some future build.
[01:35:20] Peter Yang: Yeah, I think we should hire a market research bot or something cuz you know, normally PMs do research, but we're too late now. So, let's let's hire a bot to do this.
[01:35:27] Matt Palmer: Cool. Awesome. So, Roshan's making a market research bot. We're aware of some issues on the AB side. We're going to get the screen share back for y'all. But we're just creating a new bot just like you saw in Grok Bot 101. And once that's back, we'll have that up for y'all.
[01:35:39] Matt Palmer: Best practices when creating bots. I'd be curious to hear. What do you think, Peter?
[01:35:43] Peter Yang: You got to give it like a really funny name. That's number one.
[01:35:45] Matt Palmer: Oh man, I called it market research bot. So, I guess we shouldn't call it that. All right, what should we call our first bot?
[01:35:50] Peter Yang: I don't know. Should we ask the chat or
[01:35:51] Matt Palmer: Yeah, chat. Give us some Give us some ideas.
[01:35:58] Matt Palmer: So, we're going to do market research. And if you weren't following along, what we did was yesterday on Twitter, we asked like, hey, what should we build? We also did that in the xAI Slack. So, maybe the first thing that might be a challenge if you've ever started a business is like how do you talk to users, right? Well, we have thousands of messages and we're going to use Grok Bot to create this market research bot and just kind of go through these messages. So, yeah, that's the first thing
[01:36:20] Matt Palmer: we're going to get started doing.
[01:36:21] Matt Palmer: Someone said Marky Mark.
[01:36:23] Matt Palmer: Marky Mark.
[01:36:25] Matt Palmer: I kind of like that.
[01:36:25] Matt Palmer: Let's go with Marky Mark.
[01:36:26] Matt Palmer: Marky Mark face. Marky Mark face.
[01:36:30] Peter Yang: Marky McMark face.
[01:36:31] Matt Palmer: Marky Okay, we're reading Marky McMark face.
[01:36:34] Peter Yang: It's a classic.
[01:36:35] Matt Palmer: Okay, classic marketing name. And then you know what what I think would might be fun to do is just kind of look through all the great feedback we've gotten on X so far. And there's a bunch of posts in the past few days.
[01:36:44] Peter Yang: So many.
[01:36:45] Matt Palmer: So, I am going to just say that we're excited to start building a business. At Potato, Matt, what's your what's your X handle again?
[01:36:51] Matt Palmer: My X handle is Manny P.
[01:36:52] Matt Palmer: Manny P. And then Peter?
[01:36:54] Peter Yang: Peter G. Yang.
[01:36:55] Matt Palmer: Peter G. Yang. Okay.
[01:36:57] Matt Palmer: Also, Roshan, I'm getting a note from production. You might want to just check your Slack. We got a new link to shared screen. This should fix some of the issues that we were having on stream.
[01:37:05] Matt Palmer: Okay, let me get that going while we figure this out.
[01:37:09] Matt Palmer: As As with anything that you know, we're going to have issues. We are building a company. Not everything is working perfectly. We are We are building it as we go. That includes the AB setup to some extent.
[01:37:19] Peter Yang: By the way, do we have a company Should we have a company name?
[01:37:22] Matt Palmer: Should we have a company name? What do you want to I mean, I feel like Ship by Thursday is the current company name. And then we have to figure out what we're actually building.
[01:37:29] Peter Yang: Yeah, I mean like just something, you know, the like a whole I don't know, like
[01:37:33] Matt Palmer: It sounds like you have something in mind.
[01:37:34] Matt Palmer: Yeah, you have something in mind.
[01:37:35] Matt Palmer: I don't have anything in mind.
[01:37:36] Matt Palmer: Okay.
[01:37:36] Peter Yang: Potato Lab.
[01:37:37] Matt Palmer: Potato Lab? Maybe we like we get in some Grok Bots on it? Something with some like some Comms Grok Bots or something?
[01:37:43] Peter Yang: Okay, I can I can get a bot on suggesting us some some names.
[01:37:46] Matt Palmer: Ask for the most meme-worthy company name.
[01:37:49] Peter Yang: Meme-worthy company name?
[01:37:50] Matt Palmer: All right, I think I have a screen share working. Do we
[01:37:53] Matt Palmer: All right, so Roshan says the screen share is fixed. We're going to try and get the screen share fixed on camera. Uh
[01:37:59] Peter Yang: Yay.
[01:38:02] Matt Palmer: Step one, can we show what we're doing? Okay. So, maybe now we'll go back and show what I showed earlier. Blank Grok Bot, although we got just made Marky McMark face over here.
[01:38:12] Matt Palmer: I did go ahead and get the X plugin installed. And so, we have this already authenticated with my X account. And you'll notice that
[01:38:18] Peter Yang: My monitor is on by the way.
[01:38:20] Matt Palmer: Oh yeah, let me do that. There we go. A little easier to see there.
[01:38:23] Matt Palmer: Yeah, all these plugins are great. It makes it really easy just to add stuff to your bot. And you know, I think a lot of the way that work gets done these days is by connecting to all kinds of systems. We have a bunch of featured bots. We'll probably bring some of those in as we go. Lauren, I know you have Dr. Ibot here that might make an appearance at some point. So, try to show that off. Yeah, I kind of just figured we start by just saying that we're excited to start building a business. We've
[01:38:42] Matt Palmer: all been posting on X about this live stream.
[01:38:47] Matt Palmer: You might consider the the calls in the background here. So, we're getting like a little infinity mirror.
[01:38:52] Matt Palmer: Got it. Okay, let me just make this full screen. Synthesize feedback from what's been suggested by people replying to our recent posts.
[01:39:05] Matt Palmer: All right.
[01:39:06] Matt Palmer: And I'm curious from you all like have you seen any things in your replies, anything that's come up from from your deep dives? I see Peter's over there on Slack kind of or on on X maybe trolling through some some ideas too.
[01:39:17] Peter Yang: Oh Oh, for for the company name or the
[01:39:19] Matt Palmer: Yeah, well, actually like what we're going to build. We're starting to look through X some X feedback that we got.
[01:39:26] Matt Palmer: Curious like you know, as a product manager when you're doing research like how you start to think through like what ideas are good, what ideas you should trust your gut on, you know, these sorts of things.
[01:39:33] Peter Yang: You just ask the 200 something people on the stream like what they want to pay pay for. Just Let's go for it. No, I'm just kidding. No, I I think just like framework that like which is like you know, this Amazon framework where like you know, who is the customer we're going after? What is their pain point? What's the value? I kind of thinking through through that lens. Yeah.
[01:39:49] Matt Palmer: Okay, so who is the customer? Who are we building for?
[01:39:51] Peter Yang: Building for, yeah.
[01:39:52] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:39:52] Peter Yang: Yeah, who is our customer?
[01:39:54] Matt Palmer: Well, we're building for everybody that's watching this. And I think, you know, sort of part of what we wanted to do in this stream is like we're thinking, okay, like how do we create a company that's like cool? Like that we show you some cool stuff cuz you know, we want to show you the interesting tech behind building a company, but then also just a part of making a company is like very clerical. Like we're just like creating accounts. We set up Slack. We had to fix like some of the screen sharing
[01:40:16] Matt Palmer: logistics, right? It's just like there's still a lot of work that just has to get done. And so, we also want to show you the stuff that we can automate. And we want to build something that's like
[01:40:24] Matt Palmer: not too like esoteric. We want to build something that's like accessible and that people understand as a true business, which is about helping people. So, I think those are the ideas that we're going to ground ourselves in and what we're looking for. So, something cool that we can have some cool tech around, but then also something that's kind of for everybody, you know, that people can engage with.
[01:40:42] Lauren: Yeah, I feel like um
[01:40:45] Lauren: I feel like the the audience I have in mind that I you know, the the kind of people I imagine would get a lot of value out of Grok Bot are people who, you know, maybe uh you know, don't do don't necessarily do a lot of AI coding, right? Like these are uh
[01:41:02] Lauren: I'm just imagining like the use cases like you know, someone like my mom who can barely use her email. Uh like maybe, you know, she could learn how to use Grok Bot and actually the business that we create could be something that she would understand. Uh I think that could be really interesting. Um so, mom, if you're watching, we're going to make a business that hopefully you understand. Um
[01:41:25] Lauren: but yeah, I don't I don't know if we want to make something like too technical. Uh
[01:41:30] Lauren: I guess I I really want to see what the the comments come back with uh because there there's a lot of ideas that we got. Uh and some of them are look really interesting. Um and also if I can do a shameless plug of my own idea, I did this tweet uh Do you want to Do you want to bring it up?
[01:41:47] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:41:47] Lauren: Uh if you if you look up my profile uh on on X, uh I made this tweet about my idea for a Grok Bot.
[01:41:56] Lauren: Um and
[01:41:59] Lauren: what do you all think? Would you buy How much would you pay for a Grok Bot? Can we Can we
[01:42:04] Lauren: Get some ideas in the chat like how much would you Would you buy this? How much would you pay for this?
[01:42:08] Matt Palmer: I like I like the little the little Grok Bot logo.
[01:42:10] Lauren: Yeah, it's got a little Grok Bot logo. Uh it glows. You know, maybe maybe we can figure out how to animate the eyes or something.
[01:42:15] Matt Palmer: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[01:42:17] Peter Yang: You got to find a factory in China or something to make to make this.
[01:42:19] Lauren: Yeah, yeah, that that be interesting. And of course, there's like potatoes inside. It's cooking some potatoes.
[01:42:25] Matt Palmer: Love it. Love it. Uh yeah, definitely something to cook up haha for us to do here. Uh let's see how our agent is doing. Looks like he's still uh trying to find some threads.
[01:42:38] Lauren: One trick I like to do with Grok Bot is like you can always You can always tell your bot like uh you know, give me a status update every 3 minutes or something like that. Uh if you want, you know, uh I guess like more responsiveness. Um it it it is working behind the scenes, but sometimes you if you if you feel you are antsy like what's my bot doing, you can just you can just ask it.
[01:43:00] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:43:00] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah, I actually like interrupting bots a lot. It's like, hey, no, actually do this instead and just be able to like chat with it a little bit more. Um and I find that's like a lot more fun to do when you do that versus having sort of like a an LLM that you're kind of waiting for a response for all the time. Oh, there we go. Okay. Looks like I nudged and that nudge helped. Okay.
[01:43:06] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Whoa.
[01:43:16] Matt Palmer: Let's go through some of the themes. It looks like we found a bunch of uh ideas here. Uh let's go through a few of them. Okay, so not another SaaS demo.
[01:43:25] Lauren: Haha, yep.
[01:43:26] Matt Palmer: This one's good. People want something physical, local, or non-tech customer. That's kind of exactly what you were just talking about, Lauren. So, we got a few folks in the mentions here. Um hardware company, painting company with some
[01:43:32] Lauren: Yep. Painting company.
[01:43:38] Matt Palmer: Painting.
[01:43:39] Lauren: I love that.
[01:43:40] Matt Palmer: Well, the studio could use a makeover maybe. We get some painters now.
[01:43:42] Lauren: No, the team did a great team did a great job.
[01:43:43] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah.
[01:43:44] Matt Palmer: Team did a great job. Uh but hey, you know, if you're if you need a new coat coat of paint on your house, we're going to Maybe we'll come out Grok Bot Painting Company.
[01:43:51] Matt Palmer: Yeah, yeah, I like that. Um real businesses for non-tech customers. Um something not SaaS. Okay. Okay. Uh looks like we got a category here on something fun in the consumer space. Yo Pets I saw got a lot of got a lot of excitement. Yeah.
[01:44:01] Matt Palmer: Okay. Yo Pets Yeah, we're not Also, get the meme the crypto stuff out of the chat. No meme coins. We're not doing anything. You know, Neo Pets though, an excellent product. Club Penguin.
[01:44:09] Matt Palmer: No meme coins. No no no no. Yeah. Oh yeah.
[01:44:13] Matt Palmer: Shout out to the users things in my
[01:44:17] Matt Palmer: Maybe we like bring bring something retro back. I like that. I like that. Um I like this, a company that builds companies. So, maybe we can
[01:44:23] Lauren: Oh, that's kind of meta.
[01:44:24] Matt Palmer: Yeah, right like maybe have agents build like a company that helps people build or achieve their own goals, you know? Yeah, I like this We were talking about this back in the day as well, but I'm I'm really big on platforms lately, you know? Like having having a a way for folks to you know, be creators themselves or kind of empower their own businesses. Mr. Platform, yeah.
[01:44:29] Peter Yang: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, what what I want to be like maybe like small business owners or like, you know, restaurateurs or like people who are like not super tech-savvy.
[01:44:48] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah.
[01:44:49] Peter Yang: Cuz like there's just like a you know, just like a lot you know, just like a lot of logistics and like boring stuff they have to do to run business that maybe Grok Bot can help with.
[01:44:56] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:44:57] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I actually really like that too. And that kind of hits on the sort of physical real element as well. Um so, there might be something there. Um a a lot of people are suggesting that we kind of build something for the chat. So, you know, I think we had 70,000 people who pre-registered, but quite a few more people watching right now. And so, maybe we build you know, pick something that folks want to automate and try to try to make that happen. And then a bunch of really fun ideas here. Um book
[01:45:22] Matt Palmer: marketing for indie authors, maybe a landscaping or tree service marketplace. Thank you for the marketplace shout-out. Um a Pokémon card marketplace, I like that.
[01:45:32] Matt Palmer: Uh something related to climate, something related to getting dinner delivered, M&A advisory.
[01:45:41] Lauren: We got some shout-outs for Club Penguin in the chat. Nice.
[01:45:45] Peter Yang: Can Can I ask guys a random question?
[01:45:47] Matt Palmer: Oh yeah, sure.
[01:45:47] Peter Yang: Seems like Club Penguin like what what are your favorite games that you played up as as a child that you grew up with that you played Smash
[01:45:54] Matt Palmer: Oh man.
[01:45:54] Lauren: Oh actually, I have some lore. So, I came up with my Twitter handle, Potato, uh because I was playing this MMO called Final Fantasy XIV.
[01:46:03] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:46:03] Lauren: I I'm a big fan of Final Fantasy. And I was struggling to come up with a a name for my character. Um I had I had a couple of ideas. Um
[01:46:14] Lauren: but I created the I actually been blanking on the the name now, but there's this race in in the game where you're like this little tiny Chibi character. And so, I was like, oh this this this My character was kind of like a potato. So, I named it Potato. Uh and then of course, the potato normal spelling was taken. So, I decided to go with the potato with an E.
[01:46:35] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:46:36] Lauren: So, uh yeah, that was uh
[01:46:39] Matt Palmer: And like that a legend was born.
[01:46:40] Lauren: Yeah, yes, exactly. It was It was It was very fun.
[01:46:43] Matt Palmer: So, Final Fantasy XIV.
[01:46:45] Lauren: XIV, yeah. That's the MMO That's the MMO version.
[01:46:47] Peter Yang: I stopped playing at like seven I think. So, it's like 14 probably is
[01:46:50] Lauren: Yeah, yeah.
[01:46:51] Matt Palmer: For me, it was always Age of Empires, which I feel like is going through a bit of a renaissance right now with stuff that I've seen on X. But yeah, I was a huge fan of the strategy games growing up. Maybe say something about my shows and career profession. Uh but yeah, just something about like orchestrating a bunch of stuff. I never really gotten into the high APM StarCraft side of that, but loved like classic strategy, kind of thinking through plans. And yeah, like building like the engine building
[01:47:05] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Got it.
[01:47:14] Matt Palmer: games have always been a favorite. Yeah.
[01:47:16] Matt Palmer: Well, that makes sense.
[01:47:17] Peter Yang: That makes sense on PM. That makes sense to me.
[01:47:18] Matt Palmer: That's what I was going to say. Like that's what they say is like if you liked Age of Empires, Factorio, like you know, StarCraft, all these things, you're like super good at like being a high-achieving person, like using agents.
[01:47:27] Peter Yang: Factorio is like my favorite game.
[01:47:28] Matt Palmer: I'm exactly the opposite by the way. So, everything that I'm going to tell you is like It's like essentially brought in my brain, but this maybe who I am today, you know? So,
[01:47:36] Matt Palmer: uh
[01:47:37] Matt Palmer: Yeah, no, just like I loved I I think like in terms of consoles, so like when I was a kid, it was like PlayStation 2, um GameCube, like into the the Wii era, you know? So, it's like Super Smash Brothers, uh some other like Wii stuff, like random Wii games are super fun. Um and then like you know, Star Wars Battlefront, Tony Hawk Pro Skater, just like typical, you know, like
[01:47:52] Peter Yang: Yeah. On console games.
[01:47:58] Matt Palmer: Yeah, exactly, console games. Not not a lot of computer stuff. Um so, yeah, I feel like that was all really fun.
[01:48:04] Peter Yang: Yeah, for for me it's it's definitely a real-time strategy too, except I was reading to StarCraft.
[01:48:09] Matt Palmer: Okay.
[01:48:09] Peter Yang: You know, like I I would skip my classes to play StarCraft and um
[01:48:13] Lauren: Wait, do do you think like using bots now is kind of feels like playing StarCraft cuz you have a
[01:48:16] Peter Yang: I think I think the ultimate Like people say the ultimate user interface for AI is like voice, but I think it's actually just playing a game.
[01:48:20] Lauren: Yeah. Yeah, I think so too. I agree. I totally agree.
[01:48:25] Peter Yang: I think that'd be amazing amazing. Yeah.
[01:48:26] Matt Palmer: I actually feel that sometimes, you know, at work where you know, I've gone from writing documents and I think a lot of early PM work was you'd write a really long brief. We had some debate about Notion earlier, right? But you write a really long brief, you like specify all these requirements, and then you kind of go and build them. And now it feels like definitely a bit more gamified, right? Where you're prompting bots and the bots are the things that are doing the writing or the creating and you're
[01:48:29] Peter Yang: Right.
[01:48:43] Peter Yang: Yeah.
[01:48:48] Matt Palmer: kind of just like this orchestrator. So, yeah, I think there is a bit of like strategy you know, game feel to to working with bots.
[01:48:55] Peter Yang: I I was asking Lauren backstage whether she reads like any prospects. And she's like, no, I I I don't read I don't read any prospects. But I think even before AI, I don't think my engineers read any prospects anyway.
[01:49:06] Peter Yang: This is kind of you know,
[01:49:08] Lauren: I mean, yeah, I think I think product specs have a place. I think the the thing I've been trying to challenge myself now that we have agents and bots is So, actually on the xAI Slack, my status is permanently why not today? And it's like a kind of almost mantra model that I
[01:49:27] Lauren: you know, believe in, which is
[01:49:30] Lauren: you have this magical input box, right? You have this alien intelligence that lives in your computer. And it's almost like you're casting spells almost cuz like whatever you type into that input, the agent can just do it. The bot can just build it. And so, it just you know, everything is almost like a prompt away. So, I always try to challenge myself like instead of filing an issue, I could just open a PR. I could just prompt my bot to go fix the thing.
[01:49:57] Lauren: Same thing for like a product spec like instead of a you know, very detailed PRD, I could have prototypes, right? that I could bring to the team. And then we can actually debate like a clickable thing you can interact with. It's much more visual. It's much more real.
[01:50:12] Lauren: So, I was wonder if we should try to challenge ourselves to you know,
[01:50:16] Lauren: Yeah, just tell the bot like just tell the bot to do it.
[01:50:19] Peter Yang: To make it 1 dollar by the end end of the third We have 3 days, right? to do this.
[01:50:22] Matt Palmer: Yeah, we have 3 days. We're rapidly wasting time.
[01:50:30] Matt Palmer: I I actually just prompted so I was like, okay, here's some of the direction that we're going in. And maybe we can prove out bot with a real-world operator. And I think there's some interesting things that came out of this. So,
[01:50:40] Matt Palmer: uh a neighborhood restaurant ops assistant. So, uh and you know, one of the things that I I think is still important in this day where, you know, code is relatively cheap and we can create things quickly is getting a real crisp understanding of what the user stories are. And so, I still like to ground on user stories. I don't know if that's how you still think about the world.
[01:50:58] Matt Palmer: Yeah, and so so, you know, what I asked the bot for here was like, you know, let's come up with some user stories. And so, what I really like is that I think the bot gets understands the assignment here uh and proactively suggested also some day one demos that we could come up with. And so, maybe this is what we do is we come up with a couple of prototypes and see how we feel. Um but I like this, you know, for if you're a restaurant operations manager, maybe you want a single morning brief of reservations
[01:51:20] Matt Palmer: and things that are you know, like on the menu or off the menu or maybe as an owner, you can help manage your reviews on a review platform. I really like that. Um so, like some examples here of like helping people with chores or weekly pains. Maybe you need to hire a contractor for a service or something like that. Um you know, helping people with like at small organizations, maybe like coordinating philanthropy organizations or if I'm a volunteer coordinator, how do I kind of like run my group
[01:51:46] Matt Palmer: of folks? Um these all seem pretty cool.
[01:51:48] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:51:50] Matt Palmer: I like some of the ideas around like local stuff, right? Like it would be pretty cool I think if we could do something physical in person in the Bay Area. And we mentioned this on the opener, but maybe something that kind of bridges the gap between technology and like real tangibles. Um I think that could be a stretch. It's going to be hard like especially when you're like, okay, I want to help out a business. Like how do we do that from a streaming booth? You know, with three the three of us. Like
[01:52:08] Lauren: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I I think that could be really interesting. Um is there any kind of like in-person thing you're thinking of?
[01:52:09] Matt Palmer: there are people we might be able to get to help us, but like
[01:52:19] Matt Palmer: I mean, the first thing you said there was what restaurant ops business uh or or something?
[01:52:23] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I actually It's funny. I just um I liked that message, so I hearted the bot's reaction. And it's now running with it. It's like
[01:52:31] Matt Palmer: It's like working name. Here's open brief. Uh open brief is uh or kitchen desk. It's proactively suggesting some names.
[01:52:37] Peter Yang: People don't know if I like the names, but we can we can we can iterate we can iterate.
[01:52:39] Matt Palmer: We can iterate we can iterate and come back to that.
[01:52:41] Matt Palmer: Okay.
[01:52:42] Peter Yang: By the way, people are asking to share the screen.
[01:52:44] Matt Palmer: Oh, can we see my screen? Uh yeah, we'll we'll make a note to the production team to get the screen back on. Oh, this is my screen uh which is fine. Roshan sitting next to me, we'll get over to his screen in a second. I was also doing some market research here. Um so, you know, what Roshan was mentoring is that you can at any time, you know, if you like right-click or whatever, I can like heart this message. And when you heart a message, you know, Grok Bot knows that you hearted the message. So,
[01:53:06] Matt Palmer: you can see our little bot down here saying, oh hey, Matt liked that message. It's going to incorporate that into a follow-up. So, I also created a market research bot. Um we also have templates. So, Roshan could have shared that template with me. Uh but now that it knows I like this message, um you know, it can incorporate that so what we were saying is basically and we can also use voice because it's hard to type on a live stream. Saying something like uh if I want to dictate, I can click this
[01:53:29] Matt Palmer: button and say, okay, um we kind of like some of these uh restaurant ideas. So, maybe you could start to think through business ideas that incorporate an in-person element um and how we might start to bridge the gap between a local restaurant business and what we're doing here in the booth. Like maybe that's experiential, maybe we're like I don't know, like creating a pop-up for restaurants or maybe we're helping out a local restaurant owner. Um but these are all ideas that we have.
[01:53:53] Peter Yang: Yeah.
[01:53:54] Peter Yang: I I I think there's kind of like potentially two different segments. People who want to maybe start a new restaurant and want to test it out with a pop-up first. And people who already have a restaurant that just want like more efficiently run a restaurant. You know, it's like
[01:54:04] Matt Palmer: Um yeah. Yeah, it's like an ops angle and then also like a setup angle. Maybe you can kind of explore that space a little bit. Yeah.
[01:54:08] Matt Palmer: Yeah, yeah.
[01:54:11] Matt Palmer: Okay, cool. Um sweet. Yeah, so I mean, as we're ideating here, the nice thing is that like just like Roshan like I had um an X connector that I added. We're setting this up on the fly. So, like literally none of our plugins are connected. I just added my X. Uh and now I am chatting through this. So, pop-up OS for restaurants.
[01:54:28] Peter Yang: Oh, I like that.
[01:54:29] Matt Palmer: That's kind of interesting. So, a pop-up studio that helps local restaurants spin up a limited run concept.
[01:54:35] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:54:35] Matt Palmer: Um we build the operating system live where a real chef would be the customer.
[01:54:41] Matt Palmer: Um adopt a restaurant. So, we're like helping a struggling San Francisco business, which I think is always is very noble and potentially something to explore. Experiential dinner theater. Creative. And a ticketed supper club.
[01:54:55] Matt Palmer: Oh, I like the ticketing part of that actually. That could be kind of fun to build.
[01:54:56] Matt Palmer: Um okay.
[01:54:59] Matt Palmer: You know, like I guess like a lot of events have ticketing needs, right? Or maybe like managing people who signed up.
[01:55:03] Matt Palmer: Yeah. A bot that that books reserves tables for attendees.
[01:55:08] Peter Yang: Oh, that's interesting.
[01:55:09] Matt Palmer: Um interesting. So, getting some typical AI responses here, the best combo. Uh pop-up OS with one real SF restaurant. Okay. So, the idea here is is what Grok Bot is suggesting is that we would build some sort of like engineering stuff on the back end that allows us to host a restaurant pop-up with actually someone in San Francisco where we would presumably find a location, find a chef, find a restaurant that we could partner with to then host an event. So, we ship a product. We help the owner. And
[01:55:42] Matt Palmer: then we stage something that people can taste or pick up. Uh Yeah, how do you guys feel about this? What are we are we feeling? I don't know, this seems This is interesting.
[01:55:51] Peter Yang: Yeah, I really like it. I really like pop-up O O OS.
[01:55:53] Lauren: Just putting on my engineer hat for a moment. Um I guess the tech for this could be pretty interesting uh cuz running a pop-up is sounds pretty complicated. We'll We'll need like
[01:56:06] Lauren: event management, payments, sign-up systems, things like that that could be pretty interesting to build.
[01:56:13] Matt Palmer: Probably some booking that has to be done, right? Like if if we have like ops, tables, seats. I know I've booked some restaurants locally. Some really excellent restaurants in San Francisco. It's like, oh I can pick a a time right that I show up, right? Cuz the restaurant's going to run from like I don't know, say say this is like a day or we pick focus on a dinner. I don't even know if we're going to do this. I guess it would be like, okay, well, I could have a table from like 4:00 to 5:00, from
[01:56:15] Peter Yang: Booking Yeah, we definitely want to have both.
[01:56:35] Matt Palmer: 4:30 to 5:30. So, we'd have to think about the layout of this location of the restaurant. We'd have to think about I guess maybe taking a step back, the number of people that we could accommodate. And then, okay, do people call in, right? Like do people book online? Maybe we could do both.
[01:56:46] Lauren: Yeah. Yeah.
[01:56:48] Matt Palmer: Crazy idea. Why don't we just start prototyping? I think it'd be really cool to just like get P-Stack installed and maybe show folks how we just quickly step out some prototypes here. Like I find it's like maybe we just should be like looking and feeling and touching all the things.
[01:56:56] Peter Yang: Yeah. Yeah, I think um I I think you could like spin up a landing page that's like our favorite restaurant in SF and just like a pop pop up. Maybe even for Dreamforce nearby.
[01:57:08] Matt Palmer: Yeah, let's do it. So, I I Why don't I Lauren, do you want to start maybe stubbing out some We should we switch over to your screen and
[01:57:14] Lauren: Uh sure.
[01:57:15] Matt Palmer: Yeah, so we're going to cut over to Lauren's screen assuming she has everything set up.
[01:57:20] Lauren: Uh do I have it set up?
[01:57:21] Matt Palmer: There's a Lauren, there's a note from the AV team. There's a link in in on our side for you to check out. Yeah, that has a screen share. So, once you get that set up, we'll have access to your screen. Cool. And I wonder if maybe we should try and divide and conquer a bit. So, it sounds like we have um we want to like We're going to maybe talk to like a bunch of local businesses of some kind, maybe restaurants. Should we like try and spin up like a go to market motion? Do we want like a go to market
[01:57:46] Matt Palmer: bot or a prospecting bot? I think there's a prospecting bot in our market right now.
[01:57:49] Matt Palmer: Okay, yeah. So, let let's let's think about this, right? Essentially what Assuming we take this idea, what we're going to do is we're going to find a restaurant tour or someone that knows how to make food because I can cook I mean, I can cook for me. You don't want me cooking for you, right? So, we're going to find someone that that knows how to make food. And then the the second piece of that is we have to find some people that want the food as well as all the logistics that might go into that
[01:58:11] Matt Palmer: for the pop-up. So, um those are like all the things we'll need to start doing. And to do that, you need to reach out to real human beings. Um so, we're going to have bots that reach out to those things. I think the place I want to start I'm not a PM, but I want to start with a doc. I want to start writing all this stuff down. So, I might just like start doing a brain dump in Notion. Um it sounds like you can maybe maybe we want to start with some prototyping. Lauren can start setting up some P-Stack
[01:58:33] Matt Palmer: stuff. Uh Peter can help us like figure out what the heck we're doing here cuz we're completely lost. So, uh that's that's what we have here for
[01:58:40] Peter Yang: It'd be cool to spin up some sort of landing page that that the chat can actually go check check out Okay, cool. If it's possible.
[01:58:46] Matt Palmer: Yeah, so like on the prototyping side, we can literally create a new bot. Um I'll call this like my prototyping bot. Uh
[01:58:54] Matt Palmer: You are prototype
[01:58:57] Matt Palmer: bot. Uh you're going to use cursor uh to come up with a landing page prototype.
[01:59:05] Peter Yang: Uh by the way, you uh do you want to install Dr. Eggbot?
[01:59:09] Matt Palmer: Dr. Eggbot. Thank thank goodness. Okay. So, we're going to pop over. I'll uh I'll show you like
[01:59:10] Peter Yang: Yes, I have installed Dr. Eggbot.
[01:59:14] Matt Palmer: exactly what we're cooking with here. Uh
[01:59:16] Peter Yang: Yeah. I I
[01:59:17] Matt Palmer: So, for those of you who don't know, Dr. Eggbot is uh is my uh is a bot I created. Uh it it uses P-Stack, which is the you know, my plugins that I uh that I created for doing engineering work. And I basically taught Eggbot how to create high-quality bots. So, we can Oh, there there you go. There's my screen.
[01:59:37] Matt Palmer: All right.
[01:59:38] Matt Palmer: Uh I have Dr. Eggbot um installed. I just just installed uh the doc the good doctor. Um and then I have a uh Stevebot uh that channels, you know, Steve. And I had it look through some of the um call for ideas. And I guess they came out with different
[02:00:00] Lauren: different ones as well, but um did we want to prototype these ideas? Or did we want to go with the
[02:00:08] Matt Palmer: I'm feeling pretty good about the the restaurant business. Like I think we could maybe just start prototyping some of the restaurant stuff unless you like I know you're going to get into some of your like super poweries or workflows or you're setting up like thousands of agents or whatever.
[02:00:19] Lauren: Oh, no, no, let me see cuz I mean well, if you like that let me see if we can filter for filter for uh interesting like in person business ideas.
[02:00:31] Peter Yang: Maybe you can ask the bot to do some research on like really good restaurants that sell potatoes or like potato chips or french fries french fries.
[02:00:39] Matt Palmer: And like that. I feel like we should have like a prospecting and then a building and maybe we kind of like divide and conquer a little bit. Yeah.
[02:00:40] Lauren: And again. Yeah. Sure.
[02:00:45] Peter Yang: Yeah.
[02:00:46] Lauren: Um yeah, let's see what that
[02:00:49] Matt Palmer: And then you know the other thing I'm also thinking of is it might be good to bring in like a designer bot and help us brand. So if you wanted to maybe we could like stub out a prototype and then I could toss in a designer to help us review some of those prototypes to make sure
[02:00:58] Lauren: Do you know any good design bots? I don't actually.
[02:01:00] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I think I have a design bot somewhere I can loop in. So let me go ahead and find that.
[02:01:04] Lauren: Oh, it also would be really interesting if we could get some bots from the chat uh at to hire. Uh I think that'd be really interesting cuz like right now yeah, my bot sidebar is pretty lonely. Uh I have an Xbox that just uses the plugin. Um then Steve which is my main only bot I have right now and then Dr. Egg bot which I just installed.
[02:01:27] Lauren: Uh so Steve came back with some other uh in person company ideas. We have the paint shop again, local service businesses, piano tuning. That's an interesting one.
[02:01:40] Lauren: AI rebuilt construction or trades. And then billboard outdoor signs. Although I'm kind of struggling like how would we how would I prototype these things?
[02:01:51] Lauren: Um
[02:01:55] Lauren: cool but hire in 3 days, hardware recycling,
[02:01:58] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:01:58] Lauren: Festiva Tube, what is that?
[02:02:01] Matt Palmer: Not entirely sure what a Festiva Tube is.
[02:02:03] Peter Yang: YouTube
[02:02:04] Lauren: Uber Eats and a robot taxi. Oh, that could be that could be kind of fun.
[02:02:08] Matt Palmer: You know I have an idea. Why don't we the the the pop up idea I think is one that we
[02:02:13] Peter Yang: I think I think we're I feel like we're aligned on the pop up idea. I I don't know that we need to see necessarily some of like
[02:02:18] Lauren: Okay, I think well the the platform idea is pretty interesting. So maybe we could start there.
[02:02:21] Matt Palmer: Yeah, so like maybe we start on the platform. We got like a lot of stuff. We got to like lay the foundation for it. Literally our GitHub org is like empty. Our notion is empty. So uh Lauren can start like prototyping or like I guess prototyping the vision. You build like kind of if you think of like a shell of what this could look like.
[02:02:21] Lauren: Yeah.
[02:02:22] Lauren: Okay.
[02:02:27] Lauren: Yeah.
[02:02:31] Lauren: Yeah.
[02:02:36] Lauren: Actually what what I really love to do is to use the dictation feature and just yap for like 2 minutes and then see uh and then tell us Steve to come back and help us with our rough
[02:02:41] Matt Palmer: Let's do it. Okay. Okay, cool. So yeah, based on what we aligned on let's let's let's hear hear your thoughts.
[02:02:51] Lauren: Okay.
[02:02:53] Lauren: All right Steve, we're trying to build a pop up uh I think a platform startup.
[02:03:00] Lauren: Um so we're going to need to think about Well, the first thing I want to think about is like what bots we'll need I suppose. And there you can maybe work with Dr. Egg bot to help me come up with uh you know engineer uh a small engineering team uh to put together a prototype uh I suppose uh something that is really loose and scrappy just so we can validate the idea. Uh so I'm wondering if we just you know we don't even need a database maybe to start. We could literally use like a Google sheet as
[02:03:32] Peter Yang: Yeah. Working with like a bunch of like front end copy and interfaces.
[02:03:34] Lauren: a as a database for now. Um
[02:03:38] Lauren: uh
[02:03:41] Lauren: Yeah, we could Oh, we could do a landing page.
[02:03:43] Peter Yang: Yeah.
[02:03:44] Lauren: Do you think that's important uh to I think to to solve that idea is useful to have a landing landing page?
[02:03:50] Peter Yang: A landing page, yeah.
[02:03:50] Matt Palmer: I think we're good on Okay, so we're using
[02:03:52] Lauren: But should we just start with a landing page then and then see how many sign ups we get I guess?
[02:03:53] Matt Palmer: We can start with a landing page but then Yeah, yeah. Yeah. We can start with a landing page, maybe try to get sign ups but I'm also interested to see
[02:03:59] Lauren: Okay, well Steve is going to be hearing all this random
[02:04:01] Matt Palmer: Yeah, sorry. Well, now we're now we're
[02:04:03] Lauren: It's okay. I'll I'll edit it. But anyway Steve, um yeah, can you put together a landing page for us for this pop up idea and disregard the uh the the noise that that we contributed?
[02:04:17] Lauren: And let's hope this transcription goes well.
[02:04:23] Lauren: There you go.
[02:04:24] Matt Palmer: All right.
[02:04:25] Lauren: Uh let me just edit this a little bit. Uh okay.
[02:04:31] Matt Palmer: And while Lauren while Lauren's working on that I'm going to start my prospecting bot. So I also installed Dr. Egg bot. Really great um tool from Lauren. Uh and I 'm going to describe I need a prospecting bot. This bot is going to help us evaluate the feasibility of doing um research for our restaurant pop up business. So it's going to help me find restaurants and it's going to help me find people to go to potentially these restaurants. But we're going to start with the restaurants and the restaurant
[02:04:57] Matt Palmer: tours because that's really big. That's really important. So what I'm thinking is like maybe there's some way that we can source this from X. Maybe some people watching the stream like know someone that owns a restaurant in San Francisco hint, right? Um that might be one source but we could also start to think through if we need a a landing page like a website where people can submit their resources or or maybe we just need a phone number that people can call or email that people can reach out to.
[02:05:20] Matt Palmer: Um so we need a prospecting bot that can help me evaluate these options and eventually help me build out these systems.
[02:07:42] Peter Yang: Yeah, I feel like Dr. Egg bot is like a must have in my opinion. So I I almost feel like it should be
[02:07:45] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:07:48] Matt Palmer: Yeah. There's some people in the chat asking if you can download Dr. Egg bot yourself and yes you can. There's a a marketplace for all these bots. You can go into Grok Bot and it's actually right there up front in the center when you click to add your own bot.
[02:07:58] Lauren: Tell Dr. Egg bot that I don't like that name.
[02:08:03] Matt Palmer: One of the cool things I didn't realize this at first, you can change everything in Grok Bot just by talking to Grok Bot. So if you're like hey, I don't like this name, change the name. Hey Dr. Egg bot, talk to Steve on Lauren's screen. It'll talk to Steve. You can see now it's asking for a new name for the prototype and you can everything is malleable. Everything is chat first. Uh and that might be unintuitive if you use other tools. So as you're thinking about customizing the product think about
[02:08:26] Matt Palmer: these things. Um as Lauren's starting to go through this thing this stuff I'm going to start thinking through different channels like hey, how do we want to collect this stuff? We need some way for people to reach out to us if they have um you know they they know a chef. If they have a space we need some way to start investigating spaces. We need some way to start sending emails to these people. Do we even have email? Can we reach out to people? Do we need to figure that out?
[02:08:45] Peter Yang: I think there's a plugin. I think there's a a way to do some email.
[02:08:47] Matt Palmer: No, I mean like do we have email accounts for the company?
[02:08:50] Peter Yang: We got to figure that out too.
[02:08:51] Matt Palmer: We got to figure out our company email accounts. We got to figure out maybe a name we can start to align on like what we're going to call this. Um and then once we have a name we get a domain. Once we have a domain we get like I don't know a Gmail account or something.
[02:09:02] Peter Yang: Sure.
[02:09:02] Matt Palmer: Doesn't have to be crazy. Um
[02:09:04] Peter Yang: We need a company name.
[02:09:05] Matt Palmer: We need a company name.
[02:09:06] Peter Yang: We need a company name. What are you going to call it Lauren?
[02:09:07] Matt Palmer: All right. Well Peter, you got your
[02:09:08] Lauren: We need a we need a company sign too. All right.
[02:09:10] Peter Yang: Someone someone in chat suggested like potato lab.
[02:09:13] Lauren: Potato lab?
[02:09:14] Matt Palmer: Potato lab?
[02:09:14] Peter Yang: Yeah, it's a counter on the potato
[02:09:15] Matt Palmer: I mean it's about food, right?
[02:09:18] Lauren: Sure. Potato lab.
[02:09:19] Matt Palmer: Potato lab, we could start to think through like oh maybe we riff off of that, right? Cuz it's like what we doing is a restaurant pop up in San Francisco.
[02:09:26] Lauren: True.
[02:09:26] Matt Palmer: Pop up as a service. We can start to brainstorm that. We can chat chat with Grok Bot and start to like look through names that are available as well.
[02:09:32] Lauren: Okay, chat I'm going to need your help uh coming up with a fun name for my prototyper bot.
[02:09:36] Peter Yang: Someone said Grok bots.
[02:09:37] Lauren: We have some we have some uh
[02:09:40] Lauren: some options that Steve has given us pickle, nacho, waffle, dumpling, churro, meatball. Can you all spam the chat with your favorite favorite one and I'll try to try to squint and see if we can see something.
[02:09:56] Peter Yang: Oh, this is a name for the bot or
[02:09:57] Lauren: Yeah, this is the name for my prototyper bot.
[02:09:59] Matt Palmer: Okay. Seeing some votes for potato, churro, nacho.
[02:10:02] Lauren: Uh Lavash potatoes in there, nacho, Grok Bot, uh mashed potatoes, Grok Bot. I I kind of like Grok Bot. What do you think about that?
[02:10:12] Matt Palmer: Yeah, Grok Bot's good.
[02:10:12] Lauren: So let's do Grok Bot.
[02:10:13] Peter Yang: Grok Bot's good. Yeah.
[02:10:17] Matt Palmer: And and and on the and on the prospecting side like do you know what kind of restaurateurs would be interesting doing pop pop ups?
[02:10:23] Peter Yang: I'm I'm pretty open. You know I think Yeah, we should definitely ask Grok Bot these things but like
[02:10:24] Matt Palmer: Yeah, we should ask. Yeah.
[02:10:28] Matt Palmer: you know uh
[02:10:30] Matt Palmer: I'm I'm actually chatting with my Dr. Egg bot to build a like a a prioritization bot. This is overwhelming. I 'm on the stream talking to people a bunch of people walking. It's like okay, how do we start to break down these problems? Actually what I use AI for a lot is like I'm just going to say what's on my mind. My mind is like very active. It's always like racing. And then I'm going to have AI help me like slow down, think through what we need to do. And Grok Bot's telling me hey, we need to
[02:10:52] Matt Palmer: like find the ideal restaurant tour brief. We need to like do a spike on um what we're going to start shipping, what we're going to start working on. Um we're going to like start to map out like our leads. We're going to work through our outreach. We're going to like get our guests after the restaurant path has you know is is is formed. Um so really it's like okay, like let's let's break this down and that's that's what's most helpful for me uh as I'm creating these bots but
[02:11:17] Lauren: So I got uh Grok Bot running. I don't know why. It's probably a bug that we need to fix but the name I'll just do it myself. Um but so this is kind of like how I like to prompt. I like to get some high quality context into the chat first. So before I even actually start with prototyping I'm going to say what are some high quality sources of good landing page design and find some references and then I can sort of pick and almost maybe assemble like a little mood board before I start building my own
[02:11:49] Lauren: landing page. Uh I'll be honest it's been a very long time since I built a landing page. Um I don't know how scrappy we want to be. It could be literally like Times New Roman you know super super
[02:11:50] Matt Palmer: Similar. I have a design bot ready to go. And so if we want to do some design polish yeah.
[02:12:03] Lauren: ugly. Just let's see what what what what
[02:12:03] Peter Yang: Ugly. Is is the landing page for like a particular restaurant? Or is it for like restaurant sign up?
[02:12:06] Lauren: uh
[02:12:12] Lauren: Um well we're building we're going to build a platform but I feel like and I'm curious what you all think but you know I was talking about about dog fooding earlier.
[02:12:24] Lauren: What if we ran our own pop up
[02:12:27] Peter Yang: Yeah, we yeah.
[02:12:28] Lauren: as well.
[02:12:29] Matt Palmer: Yeah, we could do that. That'd be a really It's like build a platform and then also use it to run our own.
[02:12:30] Lauren: That's a good idea. Sure we can do that. Is that crazy?
[02:12:35] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I think
[02:12:35] Peter Yang: That is crazy at all.
[02:12:36] Matt Palmer: I think it's crazy.
[02:12:36] Lauren: Is it too ambitious?
[02:12:37] Peter Yang: Yeah.
[02:12:37] Matt Palmer: I mean it feels real, right? We could actually go find a real place to run a pop up.
[02:12:40] Peter Yang: You can just sell some french french fries downstairs. Just go downstairs.
[02:12:44] Matt Palmer: I think it could be Yeah, yeah.
[02:12:45] Peter Yang: Pop up platform and then we're going to run a pop up. I think that sounds that sounds like what we're trying to do. That's pretty ambitious. We like to do ambitious things here at
[02:12:49] Matt Palmer: Yeah. With any good company we might pivot but I feel like that's a good start. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like it.
[02:12:54] Peter Yang: Awesome. Yeah.
[02:12:57] Lauren: All right, I'm getting uh Grok Bot to come up with Well, it's found a few uh galleries already for good landing pages. Um so I 'm going to get it to just pick a few directions and then I'll we'll see which one looks the best and then we'll go with that.
[02:13:14] Peter Yang: Well, you might want to tell them tell them like you want to sell like you know french fries or like whatever you want to sell.
[02:13:18] Matt Palmer: We got to sell french fries? Uh let me let me talk to let me talk to Steve.
[02:13:20] Peter Yang: Uh Yeah.
[02:13:22] Lauren: Um let me let me chat again. Can you tell Grok Bot that um well here comes the stream of consciousness. So bear with me uh Steve. But so we're going to build this uh pop up platform where you can sort of host or use our software to spin up a pop up I guess in your city or wherever you are. And we also want to dog food our own software um meaning that we'll
[02:13:56] Lauren: maybe figure out how to actually run our own pop up.
[02:14:00] Lauren: So wait, do we actually need two landing pages? One for our own thing and then one for the platform. Right?
[02:14:05] Peter Yang: Yes. One for potential restaurateurs, one for
[02:14:10] Lauren: Restaurateurs too.
[02:14:10] Peter Yang: people buying french french fries.
[02:14:12] Lauren: I think french fries.
[02:14:12] Matt Palmer: You think we're going to connect people. I don't know and we haven't figured out what food we're selling or what the pop up will look like yet but like our goal is like okay, well we need to find people that can both sell food or create food or like you know professionals. And we're at some point we're going to find people who want to come to our thing but the the start right now is going to be like finding location, finding all of these things. So we probably want to make it like look kind of reputable
[02:14:33] Matt Palmer: like okay, like here is what we're doing. We connect these sorts of people. This is the event that's happening. And then there's also like a landing page probably for like this pop up. So
[02:14:34] Lauren: Okay. I feel like we're going to need a lot of landing pages cuz what we're going Do we need like like as you mentioned we'll need to find like restaurateurs. We need to find so businesses who are
[02:14:50] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:14:51] Lauren: businesses or individuals who are interested in hosting a pop up but also people who we can hire I guess.
[02:14:58] Matt Palmer: Yeah. And we can do outreach, right? Like I don't think we need to build all of this stuff to start, right? Like I can start sending off emails. We can start collecting information. We could like do Before you build software right it's like it's kind of a manual process. So we could start looking for
[02:15:01] Lauren: Sure. Okay. Yeah. I'm going to I'm going to send out this prompt. Hopefully you got all of that Steve. Let's see.
[02:15:12] Matt Palmer: Okay, cool. Oh, you were recording the whole time?
[02:15:15] Lauren: I was recording the whole time. I mean you know
[02:15:18] Matt Palmer: I I I
[02:15:18] Lauren: It's hard to type and talk.
[02:15:20] Peter Yang: I I I feel like Lauren you can build a pop up uh french french fries thing and then and then Matt you can build a supply side.
[02:15:27] Matt Palmer: Right now I 'm working on some documents. So I'm clarifying like what we're doing. So like let's let's just start like high level what are we doing. And I think this is important for our bots cuz when we have these bots we're giving them context. And context is just the information. And so what we want to do is take the information that everyone sitting here has in their head. Oh my goodness that's a problem.
[02:15:44] Lauren: Oh, so here here's a little trick that I I like to do as well prompting is like you know you can dump all of this uh like so that one of my favorite ways to prompt is to you know like just turn on the the microphone and just yap for a few minutes. And then at the end I I often just say this like restate to me what I just said in your own words so I know you understood me.
[02:16:04] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:16:04] Lauren: And that's like much quicker than me actually looking through what this whole blob of text was.
[02:16:10] Matt Palmer: Let's see what we got back.
[02:16:12] Lauren: So here's what here's what Steve heard. You're building a platform that helps people spin up a food pop up in their city. Software plus ops to connect the pieces.
[02:16:19] Matt Palmer: Mhm.
[02:16:20] Lauren: You're also going to dog food it by running your own pop up with the same stack. That means more than one public face, not one mega page. So we're going to need a platform page for professionals, restaurateurs, operators who want to run pop ups, uh our own pop up event. I don't know what we 're going to do yet uh but maybe we'll just have a mystery mystery pop up.
[02:16:43] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Well yeah, maybe our prospecting will lead us some some fun results. Maybe we find some partners that want to want to help us out with this.
[02:16:44] Lauren: Oh Yeah. Oh, but here Grok Bot's actually making or Steve is actually making a really good suggestion.
[02:16:53] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:16:54] Lauren: So right now the bottleneck isn't setting up a bunch of landing pages. It's really the first loop getting our location, getting operators, and the people who make or sell the food. And then the attendees come after.
[02:17:04] Matt Palmer: Mhm. This is true.
[02:17:07] Lauren: So yeah, this is actually a really good suggestion.
[02:17:08] Matt Palmer: That sounds like a That was a really good take. Oh, and it looks like we got some quick prototypes, right?
[02:17:10] Lauren: Oh yeah, we've got some prototypes already.
[02:17:12] Matt Palmer: Let's see what we have.
[02:17:13] Peter Yang: Okay, wait. So let's take a step back. So basically what you're saying is like we just need to do it. We need to start like working on this pop up.
[02:17:17] Lauren: Yeah, we need to Yeah, right.
[02:17:18] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:17:18] Peter Yang: So we're going to work on that loop the pop up. And then as we work on the loop the software that we build for that loop is basically our company, right? So it's like okay, well well well first we need to find people to book tables. We need to find like a place to have this and like a shelf. So how do we do those three things? We'll probably need pieces of software for that. But let's
[02:17:25] Lauren: All right. Yeah.
[02:17:35] Matt Palmer: But why are you assuming that you need tables? Cuz why don't you just do like a pop up thing where you can just you can come to the counter and buy a shelf.
[02:17:40] Lauren: I mean we could do that but I think uh what what I had in mind or the way I took about this and we're still working on the idea. So correct me if I'm wrong is kind of like it would be really fun to do like an experience for people which is like we actually find like uh a chef or someone that we can have an event. So it's like more of like less like uh um oh hey, you come come buy french fries more of like hey, let's let's um let's find like a warehouse, let's find like a chef, you buy a table. There's
[02:18:03] Lauren: like an experience and people can come to this experience maybe and and like have something. And that requires like a lot of people, a lot of prep. What you're describing actually is lower lift which is like okay, well maybe we find someone that's really good at making like french fries. And we just do like a counter or something. And then that actually eliminates a lot of the need for like bookings.
[02:18:14] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:18:20] Lauren: So what I I had like oh I want to book this time. I want to be here. I want to call in and like and reserve a table versus something like a line where it might be easier to go about that thing but I'm I'm not Whatever you guys think is best we can we can explore ideas.
[02:18:33] Matt Palmer: Yeah. I think it'd be great to maybe take a look at what we got of some early prototypes and maybe push this out and like see if we can get it deployed. It's always like a cool moment to have something just like live on the internet. Maybe we even can get like a preview link somewhere.
[02:18:44] Peter Yang: Yeah.
[02:18:44] Lauren: Yeah, we we have um three directions so far. Uh we have this like dark themed one. Um and then we have this I guess these two look very corporate I guess. And then the third one I'm not a big fan of personally.
[02:18:52] Matt Palmer: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, it's too corporate. So for these prototypes did Grok Bot make this or did you use cursor?
[02:19:06] Lauren: Uh Grok Bot beat it.
[02:19:07] Matt Palmer: Okay, so that's interesting.
[02:19:08] Peter Yang: What's cool about this too is Grok Bot can actually just give you HTML in Grok Bot. And so in this case we didn't have to like deploy anything anywhere. This is just like HTML and CSS that just is being rendered in Grok Bot which is pretty cool. But I think we should maybe give it some feedback, right? Maybe we can like try and adjust some of these designs. And it looks like one of your bots here is asking about that.
[02:19:23] Lauren: Yeah. Uh yeah, I'm going to I'm going to do it some stream of consciousness again.
[02:19:28] Matt Palmer: While you're doing that um uh Peter I'm curious kind of like we haven't got a chance to pick your brain a lot about this particular type of business and I 'm curious like what what what when you when you think about like solopreneurs or people who are creating businesses or anything that you see there or things that you found to be particularly good advice and maybe advice that we should kind of bring forward over the next few days here.
[02:19:37] Peter Yang: Yeah.
[02:19:46] Peter Yang: Um I think one piece of advice that I've kind of realized as a solopreneur is you want to design a business to do more of what you actually enjoyed doing. You know like cuz uh solopreneur you don't have a lot of time. There's there's certain choices you can make that can make more money but then you end up doing things that you don't actually enjoy doing which kind of defeats the purpose of being a entrepreneur. So
[02:20:05] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:20:06] Peter Yang: So yeah.
[02:20:07] Matt Palmer: Yeah. And like I guess I mean you know a lot of people think a lot about idea generation. We spent like a good bit of our morning today just thinking about ideas and how to find the right idea. Um I mean you've talked with a lot of folks uh like what what are what are your takes? Like do you do you have any suggestions for folks and like how to find the right idea? Is it sort of the traditional stuff we've talked about like testing stuff and seeing what works or like how do you know how do you know
[02:20:16] Peter Yang: Yeah. Yeah.
[02:20:27] Matt Palmer: what's a good idea versus a bad idea?
[02:20:29] Peter Yang: Um I do think it's it's about like getting market signal as soon as possible, right? Because you know when we were PMs like before this whole AI thing
[02:20:32] Matt Palmer: Mhm.
[02:20:36] Peter Yang: it was all about like having all these internal debates and making all these crazy documents and and and then like you know shipping something and then you're like oh nobody actually wants this. So so I I I I I don't think it's about trying to like talk to customers and get market signal, trying to see if people will actually pay. Sometimes they might tell you like oh this is a good idea just to be nice to like trying to see if they actually pay. Um and kind of just like and and and like don't be
[02:20:43] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:20:55] Peter Yang: too tied to your ideas. Ideas are cheap but like the the team is what what is important right? To make that succeed you know.
[02:20:58] Matt Palmer: Mhm.
[02:20:59] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:21:01] Matt Palmer: Yeah, and then I guess like I mean one thing I've noticed is that it's so much easier to test ideas now too. And so like what do you recommend? Is it sort of like try a bunch of things and see what works or like I mean how how have you thought about this? I mean you've
[02:21:06] Peter Yang: Yeah.
[02:21:11] Peter Yang: Um I think it's important to um yeah, like we you can see a see a landing page. You want to make sure the landing page gets in front of the right people. Like the people in the chat might not be the restaurateurs that we want.
[02:21:23] Peter Yang: Right? But like um so you want to make sure um but I also think it's also like just kind of a side I I I I think it's actually like anyone can build anything now but I think it's actually harder to make money from pure software. Awesome. Uh because we if you if you don't have a physical component or a service component cuz it's just way too easy to build some sort of SaaS SaaS or like some sort of landing page now. Like why why would I pay for this? Why would I pay for a landing page with a data
[02:21:45] Peter Yang: database behind behind it?
[02:21:47] Matt Palmer: Right, exactly. Yeah.
[02:21:48] Peter Yang: So so like really testing the market like getting to that first dollar which maybe is something we should try out.
[02:21:50] Lauren: Yeah.
[02:21:53] Lauren: Yeah, it is like people pay for the hard stuff like like what what Grok Bot suggested which is like actually finding a restaurateur, cooking some meals and stuff. Like I'll I'll pay for that but if you spend on a landing page you know.
[02:22:00] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:22:01] Matt Palmer: Yeah, yeah, totally. Okay, well I think we're going to try and lock in for a few minutes before our next guest uh kind of hops in. I guess Peter before we let you go here, thank you so much for being here and just hanging out with us. Any parting thoughts, any sort of words of advice? We'll probably be DMing you on the side afterwards. So we'll definitely keep doing that but just kind of like seeing where we are so far and and your view on just other businesses and product craft like what do you
[02:22:13] Peter Yang: Yeah.
[02:22:17] Peter Yang: Mhm.
[02:22:24] Matt Palmer: recommend?
[02:22:25] Peter Yang: I think um
[02:22:27] Peter Yang: I think I well first of all I I I joined here because I really love the product. I I I think uh not not I don't think it'd be too salesy but I think um this is the first product that I used where it actually feels like I'm talking to you real people or like at least some sort of people with personality instead of just a bunch of chat threads. Uh so I really like it. And I really like I I think my tip for everyone who's using Grok Bot is think about how you can make these bots more proactive, right?
[02:22:28] Peter Yang: Yeah. Yeah.
[02:22:50] Peter Yang: Like try to work with it to figure out some something like it would be tracking landing page metrics or
[02:22:55] Peter Yang: prospecting restaurateurs. And then asking to set up like some week weekly cron jobs or schedule tasks to just send you updates, right? And I like to um similar to Lauren I like to get a format in a way where like hey, send me updates as a number list so that I can like respond one by one so like hey, this is a good idea, this is a bad idea.
[02:23:13] Peter Yang: Uh and and and now I've set up all my bots so that like every Friday they all kind of checking with me. And I can kind of put my feedback and I dig off go off and do work. Yeah. So it just feels great.
[02:23:22] Matt Palmer: Okay, so what I'm hearing is hire a bunch of bottom employees, get them to automate the stuff that you don't want to spend your time on necessarily but then maybe get them to be proactive so that they're kind of pushing things to you versus you having to reach out to them. Is that a fair summary?
[02:23:34] Peter Yang: Exactly, exactly. And and like a quick feature request before I go is is
[02:23:40] Lauren: Okay, first first feature request. Exciting.
[02:23:41] Peter Yang: Yeah, I think I think it's important like like why do you guys even have to use Slack? Like if if you can let humans jump into this interface to talk to the bots in channels and stuff.
[02:23:52] Peter Yang: You know like like the thing the thing that kind of feels lonely to me right now is like I'm just talking to my bots. I I want to talk to Lauren. I want to talk to other people. Right? And and like having everyone collaborate with each each other.
[02:24:01] Matt Palmer: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[02:24:02] Peter Yang: So maybe that's maybe that's coming soon.
[02:24:03] Matt Palmer: Okay, bot collaboration. It's in the feature queue. We'll get we'll get it logged. Human bot collaboration
[02:24:04] Peter Yang: Yeah. Yeah, human bot collaboration a very cool feature. Yeah.
[02:24:09] Matt Palmer: We'll get it we'll get it logged. I think we'll probably see some need for that as the three of us cook with our own bot teams today. Um with that Peter thank you so much for hanging out with us. This has been awesome. We will definitely see you soon.
[02:24:14] Peter Yang: Yeah. All right guys. Thanks so much. Thanks a lot.
[02:24:19] Matt Palmer: Awesome. Yeah.
[02:24:20] Lauren: I'll I'll be buying some uh french french fries now.
[02:24:22] Peter Yang: Yeah, Steve. See you guys.
[02:24:24] Matt Palmer: Cool. Yeah, thanks guys.
[02:24:25] Lauren: All right, making So uh for those catching up I am making So I just uh well we did a couple of things. Um
[02:24:33] Lauren: I gave Steve some feedback on the prototypes so far. A little bit too boring, it's a bit too bland. And it messaged Grok Bot to Oh wait, I I I typoed. Uh it messaged Grok Bot to come up with some new prototypes. And then in parallel I'm also asking Dr. Egg bot to make us a cracked engineer bot. So Grok bots are prototyper and then I'm going to have the actual uh engineer bot to start thinking about like tech stack, you know how we're actually going to build things. Um I'm going to keep the prototyper
[02:25:05] Lauren: for just quick throw away prototypes.
[02:25:08] Lauren: Um and of course I need help naming the bot again. And um I think we have some good ones. Uh
[02:25:16] Lauren: chat I need I need more help. Give me give me some good suggestions.
[02:25:19] Matt Palmer: Chat we got to lock in.
[02:25:20] Lauren: Spud
[02:25:21] Matt Palmer: Spud is is pretty pretty good suggestion.
[02:25:21] Lauren: Spud or tater? Oh, what do you guys like tater or spud?
[02:25:24] Matt Palmer: Gnocchi. I still like gnocchi.
[02:25:25] Peter Yang: I still like gnocchi.
[02:25:26] Lauren: You like gnocchi?
[02:25:27] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:25:28] Lauren: I kind of like tater. Let's do tater. Let's go go with tater.
[02:25:31] Matt Palmer: That's the that's the potato override right there. Potato potato gets the final say.
[02:25:34] Lauren: Oh okay, okay. So we we have some more fun prototypes.
[02:25:36] Matt Palmer: Tell us that again. Oh my god.
[02:25:39] Lauren: Um is this is this too fun? Yeah, the designers are probably like rolling your eyes.
[02:25:39] SPEAKER_03: Designers are like
[02:25:41] SPEAKER_03: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
[02:25:48] SPEAKER_03: no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
[02:30:00] Lauren: Uh, roshan_s.
[02:30:03] Matt Palmer: Roshan. Lauren, what do I do with this?
[02:30:07] Lauren: I I don't know. Just like stick it somewhere.
[02:30:09] Matt Palmer: We're going to We'll work on that. We'll work on that off off We're going to work on that offline. And then I'm told the team is working on bringing in a virtual guest.
[02:30:10] Lauren: Can we have some tape? Yeah, we'll have some tape.
[02:30:17] SPEAKER_02: Ooh.
[02:30:19] Matt Palmer: But yeah. I mean, if you want to cut to my screen, we can uh We can start doing some like planning here. I like to plan things out. I like to prototype things. Um thanks, Lauren.
[02:30:25] Lauren: I love it. Thank you. Very important titles.
[02:30:30] Matt Palmer: We'll have to get those printed up and properly made.
[02:30:37] Lauren: Maybe some origami. Does this work?
[02:30:40] Matt Palmer: Lauren, there's the chat has noticed that you have an an update available in the Grok Bot app.
[02:30:45] Lauren: Oh man. Yeah, well
[02:30:45] Matt Palmer: We'll save updates for when we're we're talking about it.
[02:30:47] Lauren: I don't know if I I don't know if I'm brave enough to do that on stream. We'll do that after We'll do that in between the break.
[02:30:50] Matt Palmer: Yeah. We should We should stream how fast the team ships. It's kind of crazy. Um
[02:30:56] Lauren: Ooh.
[02:30:58] Lauren: Okay, so we have a few more colors. I don't know. Maybe Maybe we don't have to make it look that good. Like okay. CEO, please make us make an executive decision right now which which of these stream
[02:31:07] Matt Palmer: I mean, prototypes prototypes don't matter too much. Let's go with pink. I'm like feeling a little like crazy. So the night market pink, we're going to roll with that. And then you know, we're These don't matter so much in my mind. So like let's uh let's move fast on this. And eventually we'll get Cursor Cloud Agents hooked up and we'll find some design help somewhere out there.
[02:31:11] Lauren: Okay, okay. Night market pink. Let's just do that. All right. Yeah.
[02:31:25] Roshan: Oh Hey, design bot. We got to get a designer bot. I feel like that's that's going to be really great. Um all right, just a level set for the folks watching and kind of maybe for our team here what's going to happen in the next few minutes. We're going to have a guest joining us in 2 minutes. I think what we'll try and do is maybe get some builds going in the meantime. So what do you guys think we should kick off? I I think it be might be great to like kick off some Cloud Agents to get some front-end
[02:31:45] Roshan: and back-end stubbed out. Should we like get some code in the repo? I guess Lauren um what do you think we should maybe kick off and then we can kind of build while we're talking chatting with our guest and make some progress here.
[02:31:54] Lauren: Yeah, do you want to set up the GitHub repo?
[02:31:55] Roshan: Yeah, I just made one um actually and put it in Slack. But it's just um pop-up.git. Can share that if you have it.
[02:32:02] Lauren: Uh, so this is our Slack.
[02:32:04] Roshan: Yeah, it's our Slack channel.
[02:32:05] Lauren: Um wow, look at my name. I I should probably set a real a real name. Uh, Lauren Chief Potato Officer I'll upload a picture later. Um where is it?
[02:32:24] Roshan: Should be right there.
[02:32:25] Lauren: Okay, okay. So we got our I should probably zoom in too.
[02:32:31] Roshan: Cool, cool, cool.
[02:32:32] Lauren: Okay, so let's and try uh
[02:32:34] Lauren: get the landing page built and pushed to this repo.
[02:32:42] Lauren: Um
[02:32:44] Lauren: and oops. Uh and then start figuring out how we can host it. Do we want to buy a domain name right now?
[02:32:53] Roshan: I think I have I think I have a Vercel account set up. So maybe we try with like a test account and we can always grab a domain once we know what we want to call this thing.
[02:33:00] Lauren: All right, sounds good. Uh, you know what? Maybe I'll ask Steve to ask give us some domain names.
[02:33:04] Roshan: Yeah, that's a good idea too. Or we could get We have like a marketing bot. Maybe we hire a marketing bot and get a marketing bot to think about you know like how we should brand things, name things, maybe coordinate with our design team.
[02:33:13] Lauren: Yeah, do you want Since you're the chief product officer, do you want to figure out the domain name? I'll I 'll generate a few. But I don't know if I'm very good at naming things as you can you probably imagine.
[02:33:15] Roshan: Sounds Sounds good. Yeah. Well, the most important thing is we just start to get stuff up. So like yeah, let's start ripping.
[02:33:22] Lauren: Um so
[02:33:27] Roshan: Yeah.
[02:33:32] Roshan: Cool. I have a marketing bot cooking right now. So we can And what what what's going to be great I think once we get some code into a repo is that all of our bots can start making PRs against it is we can kind of all evolve evolve together.
[02:33:32] Lauren: In the meantime Give me your name plate. I I'm I'm This is This is important to me.
[02:33:45] Roshan: Thank you.
[02:33:46] Lauren: We got a We got Oh no, my name plate fell over.
[02:33:49] Matt Palmer: These are the important parts of running running a company.
[02:33:50] Lauren: We'll We'll We'll get We'll get some more official ones.
[02:33:53] Matt Palmer: The team is working on uh the infrastructure here.
[02:33:56] Lauren: Yeah, yeah. This is like company building exercise. Okay, we got some We have some ideas. I don't know if I like them. Oh what? Oh, that's actually pretty fun. Uh, we have cleminstall.com stall.run nightmarket.app popup.place openstall.co
[02:34:15] Lauren: peanutpopup That's kind of cute. peanutpopup.com poppeto
[02:34:20] Lauren: .com and hostapopup.com
[02:34:23] Roshan: Love it.
[02:34:24] Lauren: I don't know if I like any of these.
[02:34:26] Roshan: Do we have a notion doc that sort of Do we have a Vercel account already? Can you add me to it?
[02:34:29] Matt Palmer: Yep. Uh, yes, I can. I'm going to send you the company doc roshan.
[02:34:36] Roshan: Oh great. Yeah, I want to feed that to my bots so they have context on what we're building.
[02:34:39] Matt Palmer: It's very bare bones. I like to I like to bias like even if we cut over to my screen, like I think simpler is better. And if we think about like um all of the stuff that goes into AI, the more information you give it, the more it's going to like lean on that information. So if you give it a bunch of bad information, you're going to get a bunch of bad outputs. And so what we want to think through is like hey, how do we give the simple most concise description of what we're working on uh to AI? Um
[02:35:05] Roshan: Oh yeah.
[02:35:06] Matt Palmer: and that's what I'm trying to do here. So
[02:35:08] Matt Palmer: send that doc over roshan and we're going to keep moving through it.
[02:35:10] Roshan: Cool, cool, cool. Um what's the best email for you, Lauren, in case you're
[02:35:13] Lauren: It's the one in my Slack profile.
[02:35:15] Roshan: Okay, let me grab that. Uh, members, I'll make you an admin on this
[02:35:20] Lauren: Um do we have Cursor set up in here? We should add the Cursor bot.
[02:35:25] Roshan: Oh yeah, we definitely should.
[02:35:26] Lauren: Uh,
[02:35:27] Roshan: We're going to need We're going to need some
[02:35:30] Lauren: in our Slack. Okay, copy email address. Okay, Lauren, I'm adding you as an owner to our Vercel organization.
[02:35:41] Roshan: Okay.
[02:35:42] Lauren: And I have not set up Vercel on the repo yet. So as soon as we have a repo, we'll probably want to hook some stuff up and
[02:35:47] Roshan: Oh wait, I thought you thought you were setting up the repo.
[02:35:49] Lauren: Uh, we have a repo but it's an empty one.
[02:35:51] Roshan: Oh okay, okay. I can connect
[02:35:52] Lauren: I think it's already It's already Oh yeah, there is. Okay. Steve did it while while we were talking.
[02:35:57] Roshan: I love it. Okay. Well, while we're waiting for our guest to show up, why don't we do some work here? Um I don't know. Yeah, it looks like we're switching Great, we got some screens up.
[02:36:04] Lauren: Extremely scrappy.
[02:36:05] Roshan: That's our platform. Wait, it's it's an index.html. But that is more than we had when we started. So uh let's see here.
[02:36:11] Lauren: Wait, there's not The styles are all in line. Okay, amazing. I love that.
[02:36:14] Roshan: Yeah, let's This is super scrappy. But
[02:36:17] Matt Palmer: Uh, I'm going to just go ahead and get uh Vercel connected up to the repo here. Hit the deploy button.
[02:36:18] Lauren: That's that's what you mean. Yeah, I need to authorize my Vercel. Um
[02:36:31] Matt Palmer: Configuring GitHub here.
[02:36:39] Lauren: Let me get my email.
[02:36:47] Roshan: Cool. Okay, yeah. I see our popup repo.
[02:36:51] Lauren: Uh, okay. I need to actually get this.
[02:36:58] Roshan: All right, we should get some deploys going soon here.
[02:37:03] Lauren: I need to sign up for an account first. Um Sign up.
[02:37:13] Matt Palmer: So yeah, while uh while Lauren's signing up for some accounts um I am working on creating a couple of bots on my side. I feel like um we just need to start like uh start cranking through some things here. So I'm working on an ops bot and a creative director. The creative director I'm thinking is going to help me with like naming, high-level details, some of these other things. And then the ops bot I just need to start doing stuff. So I'm like setting up Slack. I'm getting some other things cooking.
[02:37:36] Matt Palmer: Um so like kind of everything you do running a company. This is like
[02:37:40] Matt Palmer: obviously what we're doing is super exciting stuff. Uh, humans have to do this stuff, right? Um and we're going to start to move towards automating some of that as well. But uh yeah, I think it's it's really just cranking.
[02:37:50] Roshan: Um let's see. Oh, I thought I added you. Uh, there's a pending invitation for you.
[02:37:53] Lauren: Uh, how do I get it?
[02:37:55] Roshan: It might be in your email.
[02:37:56] Lauren: I'll check.
[02:37:57] Roshan: I can also see if I can invite you by link.
[02:38:01] Lauren: Oh, I see it.
[02:38:01] Roshan: Awesome.
[02:38:02] Lauren: Uh, join the team. How am I going to do this? Can I hide my screen for a second?
[02:38:08] Matt Palmer: Yeah, can we cut the screen please on the uh on the AV side?
[02:38:14] Lauren: Don't want to open my email. Oh, I can just stop streaming.
[02:38:19] Matt Palmer: Yeah, you can cut that. It's fine.
[02:38:24] Lauren: Now it's Now it's my face. Uh,
[02:38:25] Matt Palmer: Oh my goodness. Don't worry about it. They got They got us They got us covered over there.
[02:38:29] Lauren: Okay, okay.
[02:38:30] Matt Palmer: Uh, we are down on the stream. Oh my goodness.
[02:38:31] Lauren: Oh no. Can somebody else stream?
[02:38:33] Roshan: Yeah, I think I can hop in. I got it. I got it. A little stream rescue here. Don't worry.
[02:38:38] Lauren: I need to
[02:38:38] Roshan: I mean, I'm also streaming. I just don't think that they're uh they're picking up the ball.
[02:38:42] Lauren: Oh no.
[02:38:44] Roshan: Don't worry about it. We are We are We are live on the mic. So we'll be right back.
[02:38:46] Lauren: Uh, Lauren, technical difficulty right now. Okay, so um connecting notion here. Oh, and we have
[02:38:55] Roshan: All right, we're back. You can see us. All right. Yeah, we are still cooking.
[02:39:08] Lauren: Okay, okay. I am off now.
[02:39:11] Roshan: Okay, let's see how we're doing on our deploys. I see a deploy, guys. Oh man. All right, hold on.
[02:39:20] Lauren: Oh, did you deploy it already?
[02:39:21] Roshan: I deployed.
[02:39:21] Lauren: Nice.
[02:39:22] Roshan: We have deploys running on main. So just push to main and
[02:39:25] Lauren: popup.openomega.vercel.app There you go.
[02:39:28] Roshan: There we go.
[02:39:29] Lauren: Wait, but I guess right now it doesn't do anything. It's just It's just a HTML page. We need it to go somewhere.
[02:39:34] Roshan: Yes. We need We need We need a lot of things.
[02:39:35] Lauren: Um should we just collect these in a Google Sheet somewhere? Like where do you want to collect our emails?
[02:39:43] Roshan: I think that sounds good.
[02:39:43] Matt Palmer: Yeah, but will you How Will it be easy to connect Google? Maybe we should just dump things into a
[02:39:47] Lauren: Oh yeah.
[02:39:48] Matt Palmer: like a We could just use a notion database. Yeah, we have the notion MTP set up, right?
[02:39:51] Lauren: Notion doc
[02:39:57] Matt Palmer: I don't know if notion's going to be able to handle the load from everyone watching.
[02:40:00] Lauren: Um
[02:40:03] Roshan: Dump into a flat file database.
[02:40:08] Lauren: Okay, I just connected my Vercel account as well.
[02:40:11] Roshan: Cool. Awesome.
[02:40:14] Lauren: Um okay, then I'm going to ask you I'm going to say
[02:40:19] Lauren: Okay, Steve um we've deployed the landing page already. But obviously we need to connect uh the landing page to actually store the signups somewhere.
[02:40:33] Lauren: So for now, could you uh connect it to notion and make a little notion database for us?
[02:40:41] Lauren: And then I guess you'll need to add me to the notion.
[02:40:43] Roshan: Yes.
[02:40:46] Lauren: Uh, standby for the uh notion details. Oh, my sign fell off. Uh, in the meantime, I guess we should start looking at the tech stack choices. Um host on Vercel Yes, makes sense. app
[02:41:21] Roshan: Could we What What Actually, maybe a crazy idea. Like what if we just integrated PlanetScale right now?
[02:41:26] Roshan: Should we just go straight to the real database? Cuz I guess if we do a quick test, we're going to have to like rip it out later, right?
[02:41:29] Lauren: Uh, yeah. Yeah, let's do that actually.
[02:41:33] Roshan: That might be cool. And then like once we get it wired up, then we're kind of like off to the races. I wonder if that would be easier.
[02:41:36] Lauren: Mhm. I do want
[02:41:38] Lauren: I I do want like Postgres instead. So let me say it's uh small tweak. Let's use PlanetScale Postgres instead.
[02:41:49] Lauren: Um payments later That's true. Uh, must have
[02:41:56] Lauren: nice to have Yeah, we don't need any of these nice to have stuff.
[02:41:59] Lauren: Uh, and we Okay.
[02:42:04] Lauren: I'll just I'll just give a feedback on this plan.
[02:42:07] Lauren: Um and then I'm going to go back to Steve and say
[02:42:11] Lauren: uh connect it to Planet
[02:42:16] Lauren: Scale Uh, I'm going to need the to be added to that too.
[02:42:19] Roshan: Oh yeah, let me I think we have a PlanetScale org set up somewhere, right?
[02:42:23] Matt Palmer: Uh, we're working on that. We can reach out to the PlanetScale team about this.
[02:42:24] Roshan: We should start I got an invite this morning. So I think this should be one.
[02:42:26] Matt Palmer: Sweet.
[02:42:27] Roshan: Somewhere. Let me Let me get it set up. I I'm not sharing screen right now. So
[02:42:29] Matt Palmer: Okay, sweet. Yeah, we'll get the PlanetScale stuff cooking. Thanks. Shout out PlanetScale team. I think we might We might have some guests from PlanetScale in the next couple days. So
[02:42:33] Roshan: Yeah. Love it.
[02:42:36] Matt Palmer: Keep rolling with it. Um sweet, sweet.
[02:42:39] Roshan: Uh, and for those we're we're figuring out how to get this the screen sharing back up. But for now, just to give you a picture if you're just joining the chat of what's happening, we have an ops team cooking over here with Matt putting together a company playbook and making sure we have a go-to-market motion. We have uh an early landing page prototype that is just some HTML. Um we're leaning towards like a popup business or a popup platform where we make it easy to run popups and maybe we run our
[02:43:04] Roshan: own popup too. Uh, and we have Lauren cooking up some
[02:43:09] Roshan: integration work. Uh, I think currently working on getting our database set up.
[02:43:13] Roshan: That's the That 's the recap.
[02:43:15] Lauren: Um you know what? I'm going to say Yeah, I I need uh the PlanetScale account. And then I can tell it to set it up for us.
[02:43:23] Matt Palmer: Sweet. PlanetScale is We have accounts. Shout out to the PlanetScale team. So we'll be good on that. Um and we can we can keep moving there.
[02:43:30] Roshan: Cool. Um PlanetScale Let me find the invite and get it set up.
[02:43:37] Lauren: Yep. Uh, I think we still need We still need a domain name, right? We haven't
[02:43:44] Roshan: We still need a domain name. I got my creative director. Um let's uh
[02:43:48] Lauren: We could also We could also just ask chat. Chat, give us some ideas for our domain name.
[02:43:56] Lauren: We need We need some fun cool domain names.
[02:43:59] Lauren: And also we we need to start We need to screen share again, I think.
[02:44:26] Roshan: Get the details.
[02:44:34] Lauren: Ooh, I wonder if shipbythursday.com is open. Is that domain open?
[02:44:39] Roshan: Ship by Thursday Uh, yeah. And then someone sniped it from us in the chat.
[02:44:44] Matt Palmer: Ooh, I I should stop I should stop uh
[02:44:46] Lauren: Yeah. You You should probably If you want to buy buy the domain right now.
[02:44:52] Roshan: Yeah, we should We might be able to buy it through Vercel uh and just have it tied directly to our project.
[02:44:59] Roshan: Cool. I'm hearing that our next guest unfortunately won't be able to make it. So you're just going to get more time with us building.
[02:45:05] Matt Palmer: I mean, we're kind of busy. I think We got to cook here, man. I feel like we're falling behind. Um
[02:45:12] Lauren: Okay, when I'm going to say um
[02:45:13] Matt Palmer: Okay. Uh, and hopefully we can get Lauren's screen up in a second here.
[02:45:14] Lauren: So I'm still waiting on the PlanetScale credentials. Uh, but um I guess try to unblock yourself as much as possible and think about the table design and
[02:45:27] Lauren: maybe set up some dependencies for us. Uh, but just yeah, unblock us while you wait for PlanetScale.
[02:45:33] Roshan: Can we turn that off? Uh, no. Uh, I think we're showing the wrong screen right now.
[02:45:39] Lauren: Sweet. All right, we're good.
[02:45:45] Roshan: We have Vercel accounts, right?
[02:45:47] Matt Palmer: Uh, yes. Well, I have I don't know if I've invited you yet. But let me do that.
[02:45:50] Roshan: Okay, six six. We'll get there. What You're using the email for your the same email you set up.
[02:45:56] Matt Palmer: Um I'll use my I can use my personal. Um we have no screen on. I'll Slack you my personal. Uh,
[02:45:58] Lauren: Okay.
[02:46:03] Lauren: Um okay. And then by the way, Steve, um I want you to tell Tater to uh use Cloud Agents going forward.
[02:46:14] Lauren: Um maybe make a project agent.
[02:46:24] Lauren: So yeah, for those of you watching um Grok Bot is a really powerful tool for orchestrating bots um and obviously like you know automating a lot of things. And then Cursor's harness is really good for coding. So um one thing that I like to do is to have Grok Bot um
[02:46:47] Lauren: basically spin up Cloud Agents for me. And Cloud Agents are uh
[02:46:52] Lauren: agents that run on Cursor's harness. So it has all of the uh you know the the smarts and the engineering know-how built into the harness um that and uh Grok Bot can manage them for you. So uh we can actually do all of our engineering work in Grok Bot even though we're using Cursor Cloud Agents. And also the nice thing about Cursor Cloud Agents is that they'd run in the cloud and they also have their own virtual machine. Uh, they can test our application. They can click around. They can take CPU traces.
[02:47:26] Lauren: All that good stuff. Um and so uh we can do that natively right here in Grok Bot.
[02:47:32] Lauren: Uh, all you need to do is tell your bot to spawn a Cloud Agent. Um and it can also If you have an existing repo, you can tell it to help you set up your uh environment so that you can uh so your Cloud Agents actually know how to bring up your application um and run it in the cloud. So what I've done so far is like I've told our engineer bot Tater uh maybe I will give it a title. Can I still give it a title? Maybe not.
[02:47:57] Roshan: Uh, the label maybe?
[02:47:58] Lauren: Uh, I don't think we can We You can add a label. Um
[02:48:03] Lauren: But okay. So Tater's going to use
[02:48:06] Lauren: Cloud Agents now. And uh you can see that it's it's created a new project for us. Um and a project is
[02:48:14] Lauren: a little hard to describe. I guess it's like a special kind of Cloud Agent that um is better is really good for long projects. So I'm telling it to spin one up and we'll use that to keep track of all of the technical engineering context that we have for our our application. Um and you know just whenever it needs to do more engineering work, it just sends more messages to the project.
[02:48:41] Lauren: Uh, but we'll see how that goes. Um maybe we won't do a project. We'll see.
[02:48:49] Lauren: Do we have the PlanetScale credentials already?
[02:48:51] Roshan: Yeah, I'm working on that. Um let's see here.
[02:48:55] Lauren: Um I mean, we can we can run it locally too.
[02:49:00] Lauren: I'm going to say we're still waiting on the PlanetScale credentials. So maybe let's for now do all of our development uh I guess somewhat locally on either your cloud machine or in the Cloud Agents machine and come back to me with a video or a screenshot. Um and we'll worry about deploying it later.
[02:49:28] Roshan: Okay. And on my end, we now own the domain shipbythurs.day.
[02:49:40] Matt Palmer: Oh, I like it.
[02:49:42] Roshan: So uh I don't know. We're going to get some stuff going on there.
[02:49:43] Lauren: Well, also Uh, do you want to wire that up to our our our deploy so people can start looking at the
[02:49:47] Roshan: It's It's on Vercel. So I was going to I was going to get a company lander. Like we need the ship by Thursday company lander. And then the product I think can go to an actual product domain. So ship by Thursday is going to be like the the main site that we're that that the org It's a It's a company It's the meta. It's the company behind the companies. Uh, and then we're going to start working on like actual uh company
[02:49:49] Lauren: Yeah, actually let me Okay. The organization. Yeah. Right, right, right. But we we need a product name.
[02:50:09] Roshan: Yep.
[02:50:10] Lauren: What is this going to be called?
[02:50:11] Roshan: We can work on that. We got We got plenty of time.
[02:50:13] Lauren: We have We need at least a working title.
[02:50:15] Roshan: Okay.
[02:50:15] Matt Palmer: Okay.
[02:50:16] Lauren: Like I don't know. I don't know the vibe.
[02:50:19] Roshan: So now I'm also because we have a domain, I need to deploy some code to it for like our company lander. Uh, and what I'm working on is using Dr. Eggbot to install our Cursor team kit, a bunch of other skills, pstack, and then um connecting that to our Cursor Cloud Agents. When we have that ready to go um I'll be able to start uh start writing code to get that up there for y'all. Um and maybe making things look nice.
[02:50:44] Lauren: There goes the sign.
[02:50:51] Roshan: Well yeah, we're just hacking, right? So you're here with us as we're building the company. We really got a lot of stuff We got too much stuff going on.
[02:50:56] Lauren: We have so much safety to build.
[02:50:57] Roshan: Uh, but uh that's kind of part of it. That's the fun. So
[02:51:03] Lauren: All right, I see Steve has made a mistake because he has opened the pull requests. And I'm going to say
[02:51:09] Lauren: uh new rule no pull requests we ship to main for now until somebody yells at me.
[02:51:38] Lauren: All right, there we go.
[02:51:41] Lauren: Um
[02:51:42] Lauren: Okay, let's see what it opened anyway for the pull request.
[02:51:47] Lauren: Uh, it's got Wow, 2,000 lines. Um
[02:51:51] Lauren: I'm not going to read all that.
[02:51:55] Lauren: So one thing I would like to do as well for my
[02:52:00] Lauren: setup is to start thinking about the
[02:52:03] Lauren: engineering workflows. So we have Tater who is our engineering bot. Uh, but I also want a bot that is like a reviewer, I suppose.
[02:52:15] Lauren: Um so I'm going to tell Steve
[02:52:18] Roshan: And we're actually going to cut to a hold screen briefly. Um and we're going to come right back. And Lauren's going to pick up with the factory creation. So uh we'll cut and we'll be right back on some technical difficulties.
[02:52:26] Lauren: Yes. We'll be right back.
[03:00:00] Cody: You can see 2.4 million views. I was trying to get people to comment apply so we have portfolio of a bunch of businesses and I wanted them to apply. We received hundreds of people applying and then you can see in the comments hundreds more sharing it.
[03:00:14] Cody: And so I think the first thing if I was you I'd be playing around with like what's controversy? What do you guys believe that other people don't?
[03:00:22] Cody: And like I yeah I think you guys should make an X account for sure.
[03:00:26] Cody: I also think I think one of the other things you should think about is what is going to make people talk. Like we did this other one where people were really mad because we said don't do paid ads to start your business which I stand by. But we made it slightly hyperbolic in like don't do ads until you hit five or 10 million. So people lost their minds you know you're an idiot Cody how could you think that? Every business needs ads right?
[03:00:51] Cody: But it got a bunch of people talking and what I really wanted to do was get people to the book launch. And so that one got like 5.7 million views and I believe signed up 2,000 users. So it's cheap. So I would start that for you guys. So like what's your little bit of controversy you can do?
[03:01:05] Roshan: That's really good advice. Actually and it's funny you mentioned the ads cuz we definitely were thinking about running ads and I guess that would that would have maybe maybe we should reconsider that advice. Yeah.
[03:01:16] Cody: Well it depends. Like do you want to I think the problem with ads right up front are you don't really know your target persona. Like you don't exactly know who you want to go after. You have to spend money then to make it. If you're not getting funding already why would you do that? And three you can put your ad spend behind something once you know that organic works. So like why put ad spend behind bad ads? Cuz you don't know what good looks like yet until you've done them on X. That's at least
[03:01:44] Cody: basically how we've grown almost all of our businesses to start. Then once you know what good organic looks like and who your perfect persona is you could throw a bunch of dollars on top of it.
[03:01:53] Cody: Which is what we do.
[03:01:54] Roshan: That makes a ton of sense yeah. Wow we should I feel like we should be recording this or feeding it into a Grok Bot so that we can use it to run the next phase of our business. Cody you talk
[03:02:03] Cody: Well you could also like take the top performing tweets from you know everybody like me who markets a lot online and feed it in your Grok Bot and then just feed your Grok Bot hey we're trying to achieve X result. You can connect TweetHunter to X. Have it feed all the top Twitter posts
[03:02:22] Cody: and then say pull me the top 15. Like steal the frame not the exact verbage.
[03:02:29] Roshan: Right.
[03:02:30] Cody: And then retweet them.
[03:02:33] Roshan: Yeah I really like that. I wanted to go back to something you asked earlier. You you were kind of sharing some contrarian takes and kind of leaning into that. I'm curious like what's the worst business advice that you've heard given to to businesses? Cuz I think you know obviously we're going to have a lot of folks on. They're all going to hopefully give us A plus advice but it's also good to know what to avoid and so I'm curious just like yeah what what's the worst advice you've heard and what
[03:02:54] Roshan: are the things that we should be aware of there?
[03:02:57] Cody: Yeah I mean
[03:02:59] Cody: the advice that I be heard in the beginning and followed was hire A players and get out of their way. Sounds really nice.
[03:03:05] Cody: I think you could say the same thing with bots. Like yeah just let your bots run get out of the way. You guys know firsthand cuz we run a bunch of them here too. You can't really do that. You have to be constantly iterating and overseeing. And so I don't know how many people on here run single person businesses as opposed to multi-person businesses but you know we have 150 employees in this company and the the only time we almost ran out of money completely was I followed that advice. And so I think
[03:03:31] Cody: if you're going to hire great people you have to oversee them intensely. We we say hire great people.
[03:03:38] Cody: Be really clear on what you want. Incentive align them to make sure every dollar that they make is tied to a dollar that you made. And then have an operational oversight. So with Grok you could probably build a little bit of a prototype like we do where you can track what is my cash on on cash return? What is my AOV? What is my LTV? And if you're going to hire a marketer track all of that to their actual incentive aligned goals which is what I would do.
[03:04:03] Roshan: That's awesome. That's awesome. Yeah I feel like there's so much that you know gets shared conventionally. And I'm curious for your take on this as well. You know you mentioned earlier we have a bunch of folks watching the stream. Thank you to everyone who's tuning in obviously like really heartening to see the audience here.
[03:04:20] Roshan: You know and and you've built some pretty incredibly large businesses and marketplaces and I'm just curious for your thoughts on sort of distribution and if distribution is a moat. I think you've talked a little bit about this in your posts as well recently on X. Yeah I would love to know like kind of your general thoughts there, any advice for us as we build but also just some some general takes.
[03:04:39] Cody: I mean first of all overall like yeah I mean people hate that take. They hate the idea that distribution is a moat. And then you know I was talking to to Jack Dorsey in in the X DMs. And I think he's one of the OGs that says it actually really really is. Especially in this world where products getting easier and easier to build. I think you know if we invested at Contrarian Thinking Capital I think we've done 36 investments today. We see a lot of AI investments. And the number one reason they don't
[03:05:07] Cody: make it is cuz they don't have distribution. So it's not popular. People won't like it except that's what matters to get funding. So and then you know for most businesses you need cash flow and you need distribution because you'll you won't get funding. So you're going to need your your cash flow to fund it. So I would say like obsess on that.
[03:05:28] Cody: And I don't think enough startup founders do that. And so in the beginning it's all about building product. Or even these days people say they're building it in stealth. You guys are doing the opposite cuz you're building in public which we do too. But then I think maybe the only other thing I'll show you guys is like
[03:05:44] Cody: I would nobody believes anything right? So you have to have proof.
[03:05:50] Cody: So
[03:05:52] Cody: we like to share on X.
[03:05:54] Cody: You know there are always going to be people that don't like you. There will be people that don't think that you're doing a good job and there will be people that just like don't want to see you win. And so I hope you guys are taking screenshots of all the stuff you're building with Grok right now because you'll want it in like six months when this works. And you'll want to show like your user growth from day one. You're going to actually we have something called a proof vault. I highly recommend
[03:06:16] Cody: it which is like every single thing somebody said about your product that's good ever. And then we break it down from like testimonials to video views to screenshots to recently added proof to has it been verified or not? Is this like publicly allowed to be shared? Because eventually people will want to know all of that.
[03:06:37] Roshan: Makes a lot of sense. If you're open to it actually we'd love to do a bit of an interactive exercise and and maybe help kind of work with you to maybe create a bot together and and kind of prompt it initially and kind of take some of the advice that you've shared with us and turn it into something we can use for our business. Is that on? Like it'd be fun.
[03:06:54] Cody: Let's do it.
[03:06:55] Roshan: All right let's see. Can we get maybe mats or my screen up on the stream? If not then maybe we just work in the background here and we'll share the results afterwards.
[03:07:09] Matt Palmer: Okay so this is my screen. That's your screen.
[03:07:10] Roshan: Yeah maybe you can walk walk us through what we're doing here.
[03:07:12] Matt Palmer: Let's do it. Cody we're going to create a bot and honestly I think we we'd really benefit from sort of the the marketing and distribution side of things cuz we're kind of flying a little bit blind there. And so yeah we'd love your suggestions on how we might start prompting and and Matt I guess for creating a new bot. Maybe we could give it a name.
[03:07:32] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:07:33] Cody: Well let's start first with what do you want it to do? You know before we build anything we got to ask ourselves what's the number one thing that needs to be done in the business in order to make money or get users or what's our number one goal? Is it getting leads? Is it getting people to pay and sign up?
[03:07:49] Cody: What's the goal that we need to hit?
[03:07:52] Matt Palmer: Yeah so you know to start we're going to try this pop up experience. So I think you made a good point which is like hey we want to get three people maybe that would be willing to pay us to prove out that this is a good idea. So it could be leads. It could just be a sign up form where we start collecting emails of people that are interested and then we try to collect our first sign ups from that group. It could I think getting the word out or trying to to broadcast what we're doing is is maybe a
[03:08:14] Matt Palmer: good start.
[03:08:15] Cody: Yeah I like it. I always like captured audience. So that's probably where I'd start. I think you're you're nailing it with emails cuz then you can always come back to them. You probably are not going to have your like everything isn't set up right now is that you don't have the ability to click to purchase you know connected to a reservation system to click to reserve a spot none of that yet right?
[03:08:34] Matt Palmer: Exactly this is correct.
[03:08:36] Cody: Okay.
[03:08:37] Cody: So I I would start with lead magnets in particular. You already are good at X. Almost everybody on here is probably playing on X. So I would start with a really good lead magnet.
[03:08:47] Cody: I think usually when we go to start a business we go imitate, iterate, innovate. So who who already has this type of business that you want that's done it well?
[03:08:57] Matt Palmer: Okay.
[03:08:57] Cody: Do you have any market knowledge yet?
[03:08:59] Matt Palmer: I have no market knowledge of pop ups as a matter of fact and that's a that's a good point to bring up.
[03:09:03] Cody: Yeah. Okay why would run a separate bot on that? Go find what city you're going to do it in?
[03:09:08] Matt Palmer: San Francisco.
[03:09:10] Cody: Okay. Well you're going to have a lot of empty empty restaurants in there so that that'll work out fine. You probably won't have to spend so much of leads.
[03:09:15] Matt Palmer: So you're saying basically what we should be doing is like background research on other businesses that have done the same thing.
[03:09:21] Cody: Exactly. Like if you haven't done this before go try to figure out who the best person is that's already doing it and reverse engineer what they're doing. So that would the very first bot I I would make would probably be that. Like pull me all the top restaurant tours in San Francisco.
[03:09:36] Cody: And then grab me five of the best websites then give me the five best pop up pages on their websites. Then give me the five best pop up restaurants done in any major city in the last six or 12 months. Then put those all into a document
[03:09:53] Cody: so that you can see them.
[03:09:55] Cody: And then you're probably going to want to figure out how should we actually
[03:10:00] Cody: like what is your branding and what's your differentiation here? Do we know anything about how you're going to position this pop up?
[03:10:08] Matt Palmer: Awesome. Yeah no and I 'm tracking here. So I'm using we have a basically a bot that can create other bots. This is something Lauren has has educated us on. And I 'm saying hey we need an operator research bot and kind of took some cliff notes on what you said there. I 'm going to say hey go find the top San Francisco restaurant tours, the best sites for those restaurant tours, similar pop ups and similar companies. And then use our sort of like founding document in Notion as grounding.
[03:10:33] Roshan: Oh I like that.
[03:10:34] Matt Palmer: Because I I've been taking some notes here on like just the general sort of like hey what are we trying to do here? What is the goal?
[03:10:42] Matt Palmer: So that bot will be grounded in our business. And so hopefully Cody thank you for the the the tip there. This is a good way for us to understand what we're getting into cuz usually right it's like sometimes when I approach problems like this even in writing code it's like somebody's probably done this before right? And so if we can start from what everybody else has tried and maybe failed at we can give us ourselves a bit of a head start.
[03:11:01] Cody: Yeah plus your storytelling in the beginning. So like really what you want to do you're going to have to sell the dream in anything you do before you even get the lease or anything else especially if you want to get it for free. So if you want to get you know free things to test your idea before having to pay for it then you've got to sell why somebody should help you out. So I think what you 're trying to do here is and I might just cuz I have some context if you do you know anybody who's building
[03:11:24] Cody: hopefully isn't picking a random thing throwing something at it with a couple ideas and building. You know typically you're going to want to have lived the problem for a minute but you might want to put in here how would the best restaurant tours like Danny Meyer position a pop up just like he did with Shake Shack in the very beginning? How can we replicate that? And then you might say what would a killer landing page with a one line title hook and then some sort of exclusivity, scarcity, timeliness,
[03:11:53] Cody: and relevance like the four reasons people do anything.
[03:11:57] Cody: What would those be for this?
[03:11:59] Cody: And I would feed that all into something that'll give you a bunch of outputs. And this is perfect for quote unquote controversy. Like what would make people talk about this?
[03:12:10] Cody: In San Francisco. It's probably some I mean maybe it's an AI restaurant pop up cafe. Maybe you riff on why Clawbots like why Clawbot meetups went so viral in San Francisco with the little you know lobster hats? How do we replicate that? What would be a different version of it?
[03:12:26] Matt Palmer: We have some cute Grok Bot logos maybe that we we bring into it. Yeah yeah yeah.
[03:12:32] Cody: You could. My only thing on logos though is that's about you not about them. So everything you sell like that's good for your boss and Grok but for the user it's like what is actually going to make them want to participate in that? If you know that's why like you'll see on our ads. So I think we spent a couple million dollars in ads for this book launch up until this week which is going down in two days. And the ads where it's overly corporate like our logo is all over it those perform at about
[03:13:01] Cody: 40% the rate of non corporate ads. Like our best performing ads are me and my husband talking to each other or us inside of our business or literally one with our dog in it.
[03:13:14] Cody: So
[03:13:16] Cody: yeah. So if you're building ads
[03:13:16] Matt Palmer: I'm saying authenticity is really important. Is that is that fair?
[03:13:20] Cody: Yeah less corporate the better, less produced these days the better.
[03:13:24] Cody: We did a couple ads that are really overly produced. No bueno which is good for for solopreneur building builders. You don't have to have a a big production to do this.
[03:13:34] Matt Palmer: I love that. I love that. Maybe one sort of thought here and I'm kind of thinking maybe what we should do is like put together a marketing plan and kick off a bot to help us take all this advice and like write us a plan. So maybe we could do that but I'm curious for like maybe a last piece of advice from you Cody around you know traditional businesses and and this is something you've obviously done extensive work on and sort of like how do you help traditional businesses and kind of like you know
[03:13:58] Matt Palmer: enable those businesses with AI kind of help them grow, embrace new technology.
[03:14:03] Matt Palmer: You know obviously we're we're thinking about something that's you know a pop up which in many ways relates to a traditional restaurant tours or traditional a businesses themselves and yeah I'm just curious for your general thoughts on like tech enabling, tech enablement for those types of businesses and you know maybe the components that you've seen work best or not work best so we're not too over our skis on the whole AI thing but yeah we'd just love your general advice here and maybe we could
[03:14:24] Matt Palmer: feed that into our bot and like come up with a marketing plan. I don't know.
[03:14:27] Roshan: Yeah sure. I think we're working that we're working towards that. Sounds good.
[03:14:31] Cody: Yeah I mean
[03:14:33] Cody: well let's see. So
[03:14:35] Cody: we've brought in like 1,600 businesses over the past two years. Predominantly home services, professional services, some online businesses as well. But almost all of them they do a ranking in the beginning when they come to us. Almost all of them are not using AI anywhere near as intensely as as the people who are on here. They're Googling ChatGPT for things. So the cool part about what you guys are doing is you're going to be light years ahead of most small businesses.
[03:15:05] Cody: So that's one. I guess
[03:15:08] Cody: if if I was thinking about how to use AI I always think Charlie Munger says like invert always invert. I would definitely start from where can you make small businesses cash? Because
[03:15:20] Cody: a lot of people are trying to sell them AI services that don't relate to revenue but the average small business multiple is 15%. So they don't have a lot of cash typically. So if you can't tie it to an immediate revenue stream you're probably not going to sell your AI services very well. So that's just one thought. But if you can do something
[03:15:39] Cody: like we're talking right now about how to market the bot that you're doing and how to spin it up I might do something like this. Like for instance
[03:15:48] Cody: so like what data do you guys have that's unique? So
[03:15:54] Cody: if you're in this this pop up and you have Grok maybe you're pulling together a list of all the users who are on here who are interested in AI in the area and you're you're you did some sort of survey on them and you're going to give it to everybody who signs up to the restaurant and they get like a free dish or something when you come. For ours like our lead magnet is hey we've analyzed 15,000 small business owners. We actually used tech. We didn't use Grok for this one. This is a mixture of
[03:16:21] Cody: Claude, Vercel, and Replit. But to come up with a survey that actually delivers something to the to the user that makes them feel like they're getting more value than you are for their email. This one in particular kind of tells you what kind of business owner you are for instance. So I would think about for you instead of just trying to get emails for sign ups how can you give them something that's like so valuable they almost they feel like the value switch is so hard they wouldn't give it.
[03:16:50] Cody: They wouldn't feel bad giving you their email. And then we posted it on X too so you can see it. And you you start like I would just do this with like five or six things. You could spin up a lead magnet probably in five minutes.
[03:17:03] Cody: And have it be geared to what you know specifically. Posted on the internet people will want the thing that you're talking about and then sign up your restaurant. And that's what I would do.
[03:17:14] Roshan: Got it. So to recap it sounds like focus on the revenue dynamic just given the business and think of you know technology and data wars and empowering capability. Is that is that maybe a fair summary? I know you there's a lot a lot more there than than my two sentence recap but
[03:17:30] Cody: Yeah I just I mean you're in business to make money at the end of the day right? Like nobody does this for charity. So I think if you always start with first principle that you want your business to actually drive revenue then you're going to do the things that will keep you alive forever. And so that's why I'm like go back to like what are your leads? How are you capturing them? Can you make your leads money? Can you give your leads something that's 10 X more valuable than what you're asking for
[03:17:53] Cody: for them? And if you can do that continuously it'll be hard for you to to lose or be poor.
[03:17:59] Matt Palmer: Yeah amazing. Sounds really good. I mean this is all stuff we never would have been able to figure out on our own. We're we're making progress and I'm I'm super excited to to keep building some of this stuff. Cody any parting thoughts for us? I know you've been incredibly generous with your time and this has been really helpful. We're going to definitely go and throw a bot at the transcript and get this marketing plan working. But yeah any any parting thoughts for us or for the folks listening in
[03:18:22] Matt Palmer: before we kind of switch back into build mode here?
[03:18:25] Cody: No I I think you guys are doing something really cool. Just remember you know business is is there for you to profit off of it. Otherwise it's way too fucking hard and it takes too long and it's pretty miserable and
[03:18:37] Cody: the only way that it ends up being fun is is for you to succeed and make revenue and capital. And so I think that's the only thing I sometimes see with builders is they'll build a lot of cool stuff. But if you build it I promise you they will not come.
[03:18:50] Matt Palmer: All right. Well V Cody Sanchez thank you so much for spending time with us. This has been incredible. Learned a ton. And obviously we need to go focus on making money it sounds like helping other people make money too maybe.
[03:19:01] Roshan: Yeah I think so.
[03:19:02] Roshan: I think so. Yeah so yeah thank you so much again. I think we're going to take a short break. We're going to get some things sort of on our side maybe like five minutes. We'll be back really soon. And then we're going to show you guys what we've been up to, what we're going to start building.
[03:19:14] Matt Palmer: Yeah hopefully we'll have the landing page up.
[03:19:17] Roshan: All right.
[03:19:17] Matt Palmer: Awesome. Love it. See you all soon.
[03:19:19] Roshan: Yeah.
[03:48:31] SPEAKER_00: We are ready to start. Okay. Everyone here is okay? I think we are back.
[03:48:38] Matt Palmer: Awesome. We're back. We're alive. Thanks so much for joining in. What we're going to do is we're going to give you a quick recap. We've been just hacking on things a little bit here. We got about 5 minutes until our next session starts and that is Grok Bot for engineering, which should be a good one. But in the meantime, what we did this morning was we did some market research. We looked over Twitter and got all the ideas you all suggested for a restaurant. We aligned on kind of what we're going
[03:49:01] Matt Palmer: to build. We talked to Peter Yang and also Cody who helped us learn a little bit more about go to market, about what we're building. And then our focus from here on out really is just going to be building stuff. So I think we're going to focus mostly on showing Lauren, showing Potato doing her thing
[03:49:16] Matt Palmer: after the engineering session and just showing what we can build. But the idea we aligned up with is a pop-up for a restaurant, a pop-up experience in San Francisco. So our goal is going to be to connect basically a restaurant to a bunch of people that want to eat food and and have an experience. And through creating that experience, we'll have some sort of software. And so the product ideally at the end of the 3 days will be both an operating system, a a product for creating these sorts of experiences,
[03:49:46] Matt Palmer: but then the experience itself. And that's I think that's what we're going to push for, right?
[03:49:49] Roshan: Yeah, I think that sounds
[03:49:50] Matt Palmer: It's it's ambitious, but we'll we'll try our best.
[03:49:53] Roshan: Yeah, yeah. And I wonder if there's a way we can make it, you know, some fun too, like add some maybe some
[03:49:58] Roshan: I don't know, we'll we'll play with it. Maybe we can make the booking experience more than just a traditional booking experience. But I'll I'll save the crazy ideas for day two maybe.
[03:50:07] Matt Palmer: Awesome. Well, I mean in the meantime, Lauren, you said you built some stuff. Maybe we could start talking through what you got.
[03:50:13] Lauren: Uh well, I'm still building it, but um
[03:50:16] Lauren: essentially I'm trying to set up my like potato factory.
[03:50:20] Lauren: So
[03:50:21] Lauren: well, while while we were off stream, I set up
[03:50:25] Lauren: a new bot called Hashbrown.
[03:50:27] Lauren: And Hashbrown's job is to review the PRs that Tater opens.
[03:50:33] Lauren: And as a reminder, Tater is my engineering bot. And so yeah, Hashbrown's going to be my reviewer bot.
[03:50:40] Lauren: And then it it got me thinking like I guess it'd be nice to have
[03:50:44] Lauren: a similar setup for not just myself, but also Roshan and Matt.
[03:50:50] Lauren: So I'm I'm doing a couple of things now where I'm I'm adding P stack to the repo.
[03:50:57] Lauren: So one thing you can actually do with cursor plugins is you can install them both
[03:51:02] Lauren: locally on your computer, but you can also set them up in the repo as a repo plugin. And your bot or agent can do that very easily for you.
[03:51:12] Lauren: So that's going there. And then at the same at the same time, I'm getting my bot to set up a automation, cursor automation.
[03:51:21] Lauren: And if you're not sure what a cursor automation is, it is a way to
[03:51:26] Lauren: well, think of it as a way to kind of react to things. So when I open a pull request, I want the pull request to be
[03:51:34] Lauren: posted to our Slack channel. And then there'll be an automation that will pick that up and review the pull request and maybe even merge it for you. I'm not sure what we'll do yet, but
[03:51:46] Lauren: I hope we can get like this really nice flow where, you know, your bots are just dumping your your PRs into that Slack channel. And then the reviewer bot goes off and reviews them. And then if it's good, we can
[03:51:58] Lauren: merge it.
[03:51:59] Lauren: And then I'll try to make it so that the code base is really easy to contribute to.
[03:52:04] Lauren: So yeah, a lot of things to do.
[03:52:07] Lauren: But
[03:52:07] Roshan: There's a lot of scaffolding you're talking about, right?
[03:52:09] Lauren: Yeah, there's a lot of scaffolding. A lot of like skills for agents and things like this too.
[03:52:14] Roshan: Yeah, I think I feel like it's important to set up. I also don't want to overcook things because you know, we're still a startup, right? We're our goal is to survive until the next day. And I think
[03:52:28] Roshan: we want something basic, nothing too fancy, but something we can extend later.
[03:52:34] Roshan: So that's going to be what I'm going to set up after the 30-minute break of the the talk, I mean.
[03:52:40] Matt Palmer: Yeah, and I mean this is like the same factory you use at SpaceX, right? Like this is very similar to the process.
[03:52:45] Roshan: Yeah, except this time I have to I have to start over, right? I don't have all the stuff that I built before, but it's a good chance for me to, you know, maybe even rethink how I did the original setup. Maybe there's a better way, right? Maybe I'll get inspired as we built out this new factory.
[03:53:00] Matt Palmer: 100%. So we're going to take it back there, I think. And something we talked about during the break also is that I might take the lander. So I'm going to think through visual design. And typically I build with P stack. And my flow is like using Grok Bot to ideate, pushing that to cursor cloud agents to to actually build this stuff. But we got about 1 minute here and then we're going to kick it over to Grok Bot for engineering live from San Francisco
[03:53:26] Matt Palmer: at Dreamforce. And we're going to have one of our teammates walk through exactly how you can use some of these workflows that we were talking about live
[03:53:33] Matt Palmer: on your own. So I'll kick it over there. And we're going to cut there when when when you come back, we're going to just keep building. So I'm excited to see you all this afternoon.
[03:53:55] Lingxi: Good afternoon and welcome to Grok Bot Galaxy.
[03:53:59] Lingxi: And thank you so much for joining today's workshop on Grok Bot for engineers. My name is Lingxi and I'm a software engineer at xAI.
[03:54:10] Lingxi: To give you a little background about me, I joined Cursor, which is now xAI right now, not for 9 months, and already shipped two products. I previously built Cursor 3 agent window and now building Grok Bot. And interestingly, in the past 2 months, I've been only using Grok Bot for my engineering tasks. And with Grok Bot, I was able to build the first version of the Grok Bot mobile by myself in 3 weeks. And I can also learn much faster now thanks to Grok Bot because
[03:54:41] Lingxi: I can get to work on a lot of different aspects of the Grok Bot and also apply different approaches that I think that we we we didn't try following the first principles. And the more I build with Grok Bot, the more I want to share this superpower with you all. And this is what today's workshop is all about.
[03:55:04] Lingxi: So our whole engineering journey started at around from the early 2024. At the time or before that, we only have like out of complete
[03:55:16] Lingxi: which is like syntax based. And after that, we starts to have tab completion, which is already a big leap forward.
[03:55:24] Lingxi: And since then, we starts to have the ask and edit.
[03:55:29] Lingxi: That is the first time we had we can feel the power of the agent where it can help us glimpse through the code base much faster and much easier and also start doing some repetitive tasks. But at that time, they cannot do like a a big bunch of tasks. And we just keep iterating. And then the agent encoding comes. The cursor 2 and cursor 3 are all about agent encoding. And it is able to manipulate your computers, manipulate your mouse, your keyboard to test things end to end.
[03:56:02] Lingxi: And not only that, it can now sink on a longer horizon to to know what needs to be done for the next step. And it can also plan things. It can work on things. Like you know, we have the slash goal, slash loop that has been pretty useful on getting agents finish a task end to end so I don't have to nudge it.
[03:56:23] Lingxi: But at the time, we still need to nudge it. We still need to write the prompt. We still need to start the agent from some some sort of interface. So the next step comes, the automations, which is running on the cursor cloud agents.
[03:56:39] Lingxi: That is a different era because the agent could then be started based on some triggers, like you receive a Slack message, you get something.
[03:56:48] Lingxi: And that unlocks a lot of possibilities because it can not not only like you can not only rely on you starting the agent, the agent can start on its own that you are not a waste your computer. The agent can also run 24/7 even even when you are asleep. It can also start based on the Slack messages it triggers.
[03:57:11] Lingxi: And another thing that it unlocks is it's no longer limited by how much your local computer can run. The whole idea of Cursor cloud agent is that it can run whatever is possible on your computer on cloud. That means we can just give you 10 machines or even more to run things in parallel. Your agents will no longer fight for the same port. And you know, at the at the time the Cursor cloud agent has unlocked everyone,
[03:57:39] Lingxi: everyone at Cursor team has almost been 10x or even more. But we have also been sinking through, what should be the next step?
[03:57:48] Lingxi: Like agent encoding is already very good. We have seen promising result that a small team can ship a big product.
[03:57:55] Lingxi: What's more? What can make our life easier? So the idea is we can possibly make Grok Bot
[03:58:03] Lingxi: like we can possibly make some AI agent to help us write the prompt, to help us orchestrate
[03:58:11] Lingxi: because right for before that I was able to manage 15 cursor cloud agents. And it was already a lot. I have been context switching between different cloud agents.
[03:58:23] Lingxi: But like I I really wish there was another agent that can help me kick off the follow-up, help me queue the messages, help me nudge or interrupt the cloud agents when I think it shouldn't do it shouldn't continue or it needs to be steered into a different direction. And we do believe that the models nowadays have the capability to get the signals we need. So then we just put them together and now it becomes the team of autonomous AI agents that that that like can act as your colleague. And you can
[03:58:55] Lingxi: directly tap them. You can directly work with them and they can grow with you.
[03:59:00] Lingxi: And that is Grok Bot.
[03:59:05] Lingxi: So let me introduce you to the Grok Bot.
[03:59:08] Lingxi: This is a team of fully autonomous AI agents designed for all types of works, including engineering.
[03:59:16] Lingxi: First of all, it runs 24/7 and it is fully autonomous. It can run on its own. It is not limited to when your computer is asleep or not. And it also does not require you to actually have a laptop.
[03:59:30] Lingxi: The second thing is, which is the biggest unblock for the for the engineers, is it can manage coding agents for you.
[03:59:40] Lingxi: Not only cursor cloud agents, it can almost manage any type of coding agents for you. And the the best thing is it has the first party integration with Cursor cloud agents. So it has the tools to be able to read the transcripts, to start a Cursor cloud agents. And you can also start on a private worker so that if you have your Mac
[04:00:00] Lingxi: machines you want to learn, they can start into the Mac machine.
[04:00:03] Lingxi: Um, anything you can do in the cursor window with cloud agents, Grok Bot can do for you with tools. And so you don't have to you know, let your Grok Bot control some user interface to start the agents and read the transcript. It can efficiently read all these through their tools.
[04:00:21] Lingxi: And to me, this unblocks a lot of workflows because it can examine what's being done by by the cloud agents. Not only being done, but also what's in progress. So for example, I have some instructions to my Grok Bot that after the workflow is done, you can check what's being proved in that workflow or in that in that cloud agent term. And then it it can use my instructions to determine whether that is treated as completed or it's missing some important proofs. For example, like screenshots or the
[04:00:56] Lingxi: performance comparison before versus after. If it's missing, my Grok Bot can just directly
[04:01:03] Lingxi: create a follow-up reply to the cloud agents with what needs to be done so the cloud agents can then continue working even if I am not with my computer.
[04:01:14] Lingxi: The second thing is it can connect to most of the tools you use. For example, like if you are an engineer deploying your websites or dashboards to the Vercel, it has the Vercel MCP. You can connect all these deployments. So it's it's not like connect a Vercel MCP with your local co- coding agentic coding tools. It's that it can just run 24/7 and it can check the signals when the build is failed, starts to to work on that. It can also directly kick off a deployment based on some timing. For example,
[04:01:48] Lingxi: like you want to you want to get a deployment on 6:00 a.m. tomorrow but you are a a night owl. You can just ask it say okay, deploy 6:00 a.m. tomorrow. It will know the timing. It will call all the tools you use at the time. So you are no longer needs to start
[04:02:06] Lingxi: a local agent or some other agent at the time you need them.
[04:02:11] Lingxi: Another big thing is it has the memories and routines. This is the biggest unblock.
[04:02:17] Lingxi: This is actually a big leap forward comparing with what we had before with continuous learning.
[04:02:23] Lingxi: It has it can persist the memory based on what you tell them and over a very very long horizon.
[04:02:30] Lingxi: And also the Grok Bots are like very are named. So you can have different memories under different Grok Bots so that they are not overwhelmed by tons of memories that are possibly unrelated to to what they're currently working on.
[04:02:46] Lingxi: And this is very important because most of the time when you are talking with Grok Bot on something that they should be doing better,
[04:02:53] Lingxi: they can just continue like they can just remember it and the next time when they start a cloud agent or doing something, doing some revision works against the cloud agent, they can apply what you previously enjoyed and then directly use that into into the prompts they they sent to the cloud agents. You don't have to repeat what you said thanks to this memory system.
[04:03:16] Lingxi: And
[04:03:19] Lingxi: I think it's also important to understand why you need a Grok Bot because there are a lot of
[04:03:27] Lingxi: products out there that are possibly able to do the work that you might think they're able to do. For example, like I was a big user of the Open Claw and Hermes Hermes agent.
[04:03:38] Lingxi: And they were not really able to do the engineering works that good because they lack the first party integration with the with the Grok Bot.
[04:03:47] Lingxi: So I think the the first idea is you don't need any caffeinated laptop anymore.
[04:03:54] Lingxi: I think that's a big unblock because I know a lot of you have maybe have a tool with some terminal commands to to make sure your laptop is awake just to get the things done. We don't think that's an elegant experience for any sort of engineering tasks.
[04:04:08] Lingxi: We want to get rid of it so Grok Bot has their own computer 24/7. Your laptop can stay awake, can can stay away from being awake and can just keep being a terminal for sending the commands. And after you send it, you just close the laptop. You don't really have to worry about if if anything going to stop working or stop running.
[04:04:28] Lingxi: The second thing is it's beautifully available on all platforms. We recently shipped the iPad and Android and it's already available on iOS,
[04:04:39] Lingxi: Windows, Linux, and macOS. So you can literally work on anywhere. For example, you can lie on the grass on the Golden Gate Park while your body is working.
[04:04:50] Lingxi: And the third part is also one of the biggest unblock for the Grok Bots comparing with other products is that you can control the computer when needed.
[04:05:00] Lingxi: Unlike other products, when they actually need a login or they actually need someone to help them click through something, you cannot do it. You can only prompt them and helplessly see what's going on on the transcript. It's no longer a case for Grok Bot or any platform like iOS, Android, or iPad. You can directly click click through the computer to get things done.
[04:05:23] Lingxi: Whether it's like log into some services that are very hard to navigate or require some sort of human verification or when it's doing some login but you don't want to hand your your password away, you can use the mobile clients or our desktop clients to click through the remote computer to get things done.
[04:05:44] Lingxi: You can you cannot really get this with other products. And the last part is the first party coding agent integration. This is also only exist at cursor that our cursor cloud agent integration with Grok Bot is very very smooth that almost everything you can do in the user interface of the cursor, it's possible with Grok Bot.
[04:06:07] Lingxi: And let me share a few interesting engineering use cases that I really enjoy. It's been powering me since the past two months and I really love what we have been building around the Grok Bot and also build a Grok Bot for us. The first thing is get the things done when I'm away.
[04:06:24] Lingxi: So let's think about
[04:06:26] Lingxi: you are you are possibly asleep or you are on a flight and your teammate needs an unblock. You are the only engineer having the code owner of of some service.
[04:06:38] Lingxi: Previously, they have to wait until you get off the flight which is kind of sad
[04:06:44] Lingxi: because
[04:06:46] Lingxi: in the in in the modern startups, the speed is very important.
[04:06:52] Lingxi: So let's think about you are get pinged and your bot can monitor through Slack and based on the situation or the criteria as you set, automatically unblock them, reviewed for whatever is needed and then send an an acknowledge back in the Slack.
[04:07:09] Lingxi: That's what's happening right now.
[04:07:11] Lingxi: And it's been pretty smooth because
[04:07:15] Lingxi: I don't have to be always next to my laptop even if something that's actually review require my review or require my supervision, I can also take a look on my phone. And then once I feel it's good, I can just send this through my Grok Bot saying okay, this looks good, approve it. And then the Grok Bot will just send approval and also notify the sender about this thing is being approved. They can continue.
[04:07:40] Lingxi: And also we can possibly sync further about what if they can monitor just the general Slack for me. Not only when I send them something that says okay, it's approved.
[04:07:53] Lingxi: I can tell the Grok Bot that these are my review criteria. I need something to be attached with a screenshot. I need it to be to be attached with a test. There are not fake tests. And then whenever someone send me or or tag me on a Slack, they can read the message, check if it's a review case. And then they can kick off my skill for
[04:08:17] Lingxi: doing a code scan and also doing code research based on the criteria I gave. They can also run it in a cloud agent so they can execute a skill inside your repository.
[04:08:29] Lingxi: And then they can acknowledge it back. So I don't have to be awake like a side of my computer or even a side of my phone at all and only be notched when my bot actually needs me.
[04:08:42] Lingxi: And how about one step further?
[04:08:45] Lingxi: How about monitor X for me?
[04:08:48] Lingxi: There are a lot of bug reports about the Grok Bots on X and those are very valuable feedbacks.
[04:08:54] Lingxi: So
[04:08:55] Lingxi: we also have set up the bots to monitor the Slack thanks to the first party integration with Slack MCP.
[04:09:01] Lingxi: So we also we have the bots to automatically kick off a task to start digging into whether the the the reproducer still valid on main. And then if it's still valid, go fix it and send me the PR.
[04:09:15] Lingxi: And the same thing applies to other surfaces where we need security reviews or we need to go find the right person for them to review. Everything now is is bot contacting with bots and we the human only connects with human when it's absolutely needed so we can focus on the deeper work.
[04:09:35] Lingxi: So that you might be interesting in where is the human stance in if the bots can do everything for us? That's a very good question because humans still have a lot of things to focus on. I still drive the product direction. There are still a lot of design details I need to dive into. There's there are also like a lot of difficult things that bot couldn't finish like performance issues, like how we should architect our next next version of the app so we can avoid most of the issues we have and also
[04:10:06] Lingxi: have a good architecture in the front in the front so we won't get sloppy code along
[04:10:12] Lingxi: a longer horizon.
[04:10:14] Lingxi: I also need to give them a better instruction on how to say no. I think this is a very important aspect in the in the product because there are a lot of bug reports and feedbacks and some of them is not suitable with what you need in the product.
[04:10:29] Lingxi: The bot will is very kind. They will possibly accept everything by default so you need to set the boundary. You need to tell them why you need to do this, what kind of thing you should not be doing and here's the reasoning.
[04:10:42] Lingxi: The bot has the memory system. They can remember what you tell them and then apply to the future
[04:10:47] Lingxi: decisions so they don't you don't have to repeat say I don't want this in the product. This is not simple enough. We need to simplify this. You don't have to repeat that over the time.
[04:10:58] Lingxi: And also I need to make sure my bot is not blocked. I think it's also it's very important because there are a lot of authentication steps in between. So I the the Grok Bot needs to have a very good experience on
[04:11:12] Lingxi: getting getting the bot unblocked by a human.
[04:11:16] Lingxi: The next use case is also one of my favorite use case which is available on the marketplace as well. It's nightly code cleanup.
[04:11:26] Lingxi: We all know that in the past year we have been possibly shipping some sloppy code. Everyone hates that. And sometimes it's just hard to enforce every single agents to apply the same rules. So another solution is just to clean those slops out over the night. That's when the people should not shipping so it's less likely to hit a conflict. And it's also less less risky because most of the time they're just slops. They can just being condensed into a smaller module or remove the the the lengthy comments
[04:12:01] Lingxi: that you just hate. Those are very low risk. Could be done over the night and you can also trust the the cursor cloud agents to merge those PRs based on the conditions you said. For example, like you have provided a clear end-to-end proof of what's going on.
[04:12:19] Lingxi: If if that's provided, you can feel free to merge.
[04:12:22] Lingxi: And
[04:12:24] Lingxi: right now my setup is every 3:00 a.m. my my Grok Bot my bot will set will will start a research cloud agent to to review across the whole surface of our monorepo. And they can identify issues like code quality not being good. Things should be modularized but not better but not properly modularized. The comments that are not properly
[04:12:51] Lingxi: con- condensed into what is necessary. And also security audits that sometimes we just forgot that this is very important to prevent someone else to steal something.
[04:13:04] Lingxi: We we we have the Grok Bot catch all these kind of things over the night and when I wake up, I just have a set of PRs available.
[04:13:13] Lingxi: The next thing is about the internal tooling that this is also changing how we collaborate within the organization.
[04:13:21] Lingxi: Previously, for things like adding people to the test file via email address rather than via a link, you might think I can build an internal dashboard, put some authentication on it, put some database against it, deploy it to Vercel behind some authentication wall and then distribute it to the the the internal employees to sign up for the test flight. It works.
[04:13:43] Lingxi: And and with the agent encoding, it should be already like not so you can get it done by in an hour or two. The thing is why do you have to? With Grok Bot, one of the flexibilities is the Grok Bot can run logics
[04:13:57] Lingxi: with a much simpler interface. For example, like a Slack message.
[04:14:02] Lingxi: So the unblock here is that I have everyone just mentioned my bot inside Slack and just put put put the email address next to it. My bot will have a routine or or is some
[04:14:15] Lingxi: web hook signals based on the Slack. So whenever someone tag, it will starts to to run the routine of adding people into the test flight.
[04:14:24] Lingxi: So the only thing I need to do is to make sure my bot has access to the test flight in a safe way.
[04:14:30] Lingxi: And other than that, I I only give it one prompt of what needs to be done and this internal tooling is available to be used.
[04:14:40] Lingxi: The next thing is also my other favorite use case which is out of fix everything.
[04:14:47] Lingxi: You might have a lot of deployment pipelines or CIs or end-to-end integration tests. The the biggest thing is
[04:14:55] Lingxi: when we actually have a CI going red, we we usually ping on call rather than another bot to get it fixed. That's changed.
[04:15:06] Lingxi: The on calls are only being involved when it is absolutely needed. And most of the time when CI is red, a bot will automatically kicks in, starts to examining what is being read. And then starts to
[04:15:20] Lingxi: spin up a cloud agent to fix it. And then also has our instructions of how to determine if you should merge it and they can just merge. So the turnaround of needing a human to take a look and the human needs to context switch between tasks are very very minimal right now.
[04:15:37] Lingxi: Not only for a CI being main, any deployment errors, any CI flakiness or any any sort of tasks that has a signal or has an alert currently in your internal pipeline could be hooked up into the Grok Bot and only ping on call if it wasn't resolved after like
[04:15:58] Lingxi: 10 minutes. Most of the time Grok Bot can get it done within 10 minutes.
[04:16:03] Lingxi: And right now let me introduce you to how I organize my bots. So we are kind of in between a world where you only need one bot versus you need a fleet of the bots. So I have my chief of staff which is called Ling Shishi.
[04:16:19] Lingxi: I have the Craig working on the UI engineering. I have Steve working on the DevEx and Hogan working on working on Infra.
[04:16:27] Lingxi: You might ask this question of why we need three engineer bots rather than one because apparently they are sitting on the same model and they might be able to do the do the task. 100% they will be able to do any task you gave them. Even if I gave a UI task to Hogan, they should be able to resolve it.
[04:16:46] Lingxi: The the issue is the context and also how they're going to manage their fleet. Every single bot has a different slightly different pipeline based on the work they do and also has their own context limit.
[04:16:59] Lingxi: To avoid they run over their context limit when switching between too many tasks,
[04:17:05] Lingxi: I prefer to put them separately so whatever so whatever is told to the Hogan will be persisted in the Hogan's memory, so all the instructions etc. The next time when when a new task come in, the Hogan can just start the new task based on the context it already has rather than trying to pull the instructions again and then start a task in a new area. This can make your fleet runs much faster. And the key thing is you don't really have to talk with your individual engineers unless necessary. You can
[04:17:38] Lingxi: mostly talk with your chief of staff and the chief of staff can route the requests to every individual engineers because chief of staff has the understanding of who is working on what while chief of staff can also save his context from remembering all these engineering workflows or how things should be developed.
[04:17:59] Lingxi: And now let me give you a demo of how I going to set these things up. This will be a very live demo because
[04:18:08] Lingxi: I'm also the first time setting these things. So right now I just downloaded Ling Shi's engineer bot from the marketplace
[04:18:15] Lingxi: and it's onboarded into what kind of repository it needs to be done also connect to the to the notion. Right now I'm going to download
[04:18:24] Lingxi: the the nightly audit bot
[04:18:27] Lingxi: from the marketplace. So you can find it from the Grok Bot team right here with you all. There's like a nightly nightly audit engineer.
[04:18:35] Lingxi: I will edit.
[04:18:37] Lingxi: So now
[04:18:38] Lingxi: it's very simple. It's already started
[04:18:41] Lingxi: doing all these onboarding task. And the thing is this nightly audit engineer does not have the context of how my existing engineering workflows is being done. So what I will do is instead of telling it all these things that it will possibly already told like you know, follow this pipeline, do this first, do that then, I will have my existing engineer bot to onboard my new engineer.
[04:19:09] Lingxi: Hello. I have a new member in the team
[04:19:12] Lingxi: called Nightly.
[04:19:15] Lingxi: Rename them to Steve
[04:19:18] Lingxi: and tell them how the engineering workflows are enforced.
[04:19:26] Lingxi: So my engineer bot actually I should rename them to to Craig because that's my
[04:19:33] Lingxi: my name for them.
[04:19:36] Lingxi: My Craig will send a message to my
[04:19:41] Lingxi: nightly audit engineer which will soon be Steve. And then starts to handshake all these things over.
[04:19:48] Lingxi: So you can see my Craig just message the the Steve with some message of how the everything goes. It includes all the requirements of
[04:19:58] Lingxi: the how how our notion board is made, how our
[04:20:03] Lingxi: what is the definition of the clean and how to ladders through different stage of my workflows.
[04:20:10] Lingxi: All via plaintext and my Steve will acknowledge and absorb into their memory. You don't have to repeat or copy paste every single thing between bots. You just let the bot talk with each other.
[04:20:23] Lingxi: You can see they they also just you know, confirmed between each other so I don't really have to talk with Steve. I like my my Craig will just tell me everything is confirmed. He's all good.
[04:20:36] Lingxi: And right now
[04:20:38] Lingxi: the the Steve is equipped with the nightly audit skills. So I'm going to kick this off right now just for demo purposes. Usually it runs on 4:00 a.m.
[04:20:49] Lingxi: But let Steve
[04:20:52] Lingxi: let Steve know
[04:20:56] Lingxi: to start
[04:20:58] Lingxi: a nightly audit workflow right now.
[04:21:02] Lingxi: I
[04:21:04] Lingxi: just let him stop right now. So in the meantime we will be you know, waiting for the the Steve to do some research and get back to us with all the findings about the about the file.
[04:21:16] Lingxi: We will take a look over some some some other examples of how I can work with the agent in parallel. So right now I already hand a task to Craig. And I think there's one issue with the file website that's being reported. It's very urgent. So okay, I think there's an issue with file air.com
[04:21:43] Lingxi: that the user cannot
[04:21:47] Lingxi: check their previously booked flights.
[04:21:52] Lingxi: Can you check if it's true?
[04:21:55] Lingxi: So
[04:21:58] Lingxi: my my my bot will be able to navigate the website in their computer, click through and show me what's going on. This is one of the unblock because we know a lot of engineers has workflows that are not reachable through MCP. So if you need to click a button based on some instructions or ask some certain timings, you can ask the bot to do it by using their computers.
[04:22:26] Lingxi: So it's checking
[04:22:28] Lingxi: the file. I can observe I can monitor it from
[04:22:32] Lingxi: the the computer.
[04:22:40] Lingxi: Yes, so it's currently navigating through the website. Try to understand whether this is a legit issue. So it's you know, navigating through
[04:22:48] Lingxi: you can see it can generally do anything you need on the web. So almost all of your workflows could be delegated and unblocked.
[04:23:04] Lingxi: And I think because this issue is like being reported by the user, I want it you know, I want it urgently.
[04:23:10] Lingxi: But the thing is when you talk with agent, they possibly know okay, the urgent means I need to get it ASAP. But what they might do is ended up skipping the steps or start guessing things to actually get your result faster.
[04:23:25] Lingxi: We don't want that. We don't want agent to guess things. We want deterministic results. So previously
[04:23:32] Lingxi: before Grok Bot, I may tell them to just repeat them like I need it urgently. For example, like I need it urgently.
[04:23:42] Lingxi: And tell them what you need to do and what you should not do.
[04:23:47] Lingxi: But how about extract them? I don't want to repeat myself every single time. That is
[04:23:53] Lingxi: the whole point of the Grok Bot or the autonomous coding that you should not repeat yourself. And I will let my chief of staff onboard a new member called Jenny.
[04:24:07] Lingxi: Onboard a new member
[04:24:09] Lingxi: called Jenny
[04:24:10] Lingxi: for doing all the
[04:24:13] Lingxi: for head of operations.
[04:24:16] Lingxi: And my Jenny will starts to
[04:24:20] Lingxi: play around with the playbook.
[04:24:22] Lingxi: Jenny needs to manage a playbook for my engineering team
[04:24:28] Lingxi: and needs to on
[04:24:31] Lingxi: the
[04:24:32] Lingxi: the playbook and avoid other engineers to update.
[04:24:41] Lingxi: So my chief of staff will starts to onboard Jenny and then my Jenny will starts to on a playbook in notion. And then they can update that playbook based on what I what I tell them on what what needs to be done at what time so that every other engineers can just apply the same playbook.
[04:25:02] Lingxi: You can see the Jenny's up in the stage. And my chief of staff is also doing the agent-to-agent chat between them so that they can
[04:25:12] Lingxi: just handshake to each other.
[04:25:16] Lingxi: So I don't have to I don't have to actually tell Jenny what needs to be done. The only thing I need to talk is with my chief of staff.
[04:25:26] Lingxi: Let me actually check in with the Steve on how much it's going. Okay, so the Steve without my instructions
[04:25:34] Lingxi: oh, this is my built-in instructions. So without any of my chat, the Steve is already doing the research on what kind of things could be improved over the works over the codebase and it has already started a bunch of the cloud agents. And it seems like they're finished so my Steve is currently working on and and conducting them into the thing into the PR that actually improves them.
[04:25:56] Lingxi: And then now let me
[04:25:58] Lingxi: get back to Craig to see what is going on.
[04:26:06] Lingxi: Okay, so he says it's confirmed. The issue is true. Slash trips is a stub while the navigation still links there. There's no check today for the a previously booked flight. So now it needs to do this urgently.
[04:26:23] Lingxi: I really wanted to do urgently but let's slow down a little bit right now to sync what they needs to do
[04:26:30] Lingxi: when when we say urgently.
[04:26:32] Lingxi: There's
[04:26:34] Lingxi: I think it's a widely acknowledged issue that coding agents sometimes are running very very long horizon and it's not good. We need things urgently.
[04:26:45] Lingxi: So one of the idea to help unblock this situation is to have you
[04:26:53] Lingxi: checking their thinking traces, checking their tools to make sure they're on the right track and nudge them or steer them at the right time when they're possibly going off track.
[04:27:03] Lingxi: But that requires you to be next to the desktop and sometimes you have other tasks to do. You're not next to your desktop and you don't want to look into the details sinking traces etc. every single second.
[04:27:15] Lingxi: So what I usually do is I have a P0 escalation workflow with my bots that let me define this.
[04:27:24] Lingxi: So
[04:27:26] Lingxi: treat as P0.
[04:27:28] Lingxi: And the P0 definition is
[04:27:30] Lingxi: they would need to monitor the Grok Bot, needs to monitor the cloud agents every 5 minutes to check the progress, to check where
[04:27:39] Lingxi: the cloud agent is currently running on. And you know, sometimes the cloud agents are running tests that are very long. They do like a sleep 300 to just get around the the tests that are running async in in another shell.
[04:27:55] Lingxi: And sometimes the tests are fast like within a within a minute. Then you got 4 minutes lost. So when the Grok Bot can check into the cloud agents, they can check if they're doing a tool call that's very unnecessary at time consuming. And they
[04:28:11] Lingxi: interrupt it immediately and start a new prompt based on what's happening.
[04:28:16] Lingxi: And like it it does not need me involved at all. I don't write any prompt at all as well. The only thing I write is this.
[04:28:23] Lingxi: It's the definition of the P0
[04:28:29] Lingxi: you need to set up a routine that checks
[04:28:33] Lingxi: cloud agent
[04:28:37] Lingxi: every 5 minutes.
[04:28:39] Lingxi: Check if they are off the track
[04:28:44] Lingxi: such as
[04:28:46] Lingxi: running asleep running a long sleep like sleep 300
[04:28:53] Lingxi: or
[04:28:54] Lingxi: going off our goal
[04:28:57] Lingxi: being too conservative.
[04:29:00] Lingxi: We sometimes just need things moving a little faster. And this is a very rough prompt I give it.
[04:29:07] Lingxi: It can definitely grow along with your interaction with the Grok Bot. For example, like you you see it possibly work better in some situation. You can then just tell it to to do that. You don't have to write it into a skill anymore. You don't have to write a long prompt every single time. You just tell them once in a normal message as how you would tell your teammate for doing something urgently.
[04:29:32] Lingxi: Going off our goal being too conservative.
[04:29:37] Lingxi: And
[04:29:39] Lingxi: and nudge in interrupt and nudge them
[04:29:44] Lingxi: at the time
[04:29:46] Lingxi: you found them going off
[04:29:49] Lingxi: because I need this urgently. Urgent, urgent, urgent.
[04:29:55] Lingxi: So
[04:29:57] Lingxi: I also tell them to fix fix the issue. I can
[04:30:00] Lingxi: Click reply so that it has the context of what I'm quoting on.
[04:30:04] Lingxi: Fix this issue.
[04:30:05] Lingxi: Urgently.l Uh treat it as a P0 and and then it knows what is the P0 now. But only Craig knows what this P0 is.
[04:30:15] Lingxi: Rather than copy paste into every single one of my engineer bots because that won't scale if you have 10 or 15 or 20 bots.
[04:30:23] Lingxi: I will have it handed with the Jenny. So let me check if Jenny is on right now. Jenny on Z edits. Jenny on Z edits.
[04:30:31] Lingxi: So you know Jenny would nudge me whenever they need a decision and I think that's a very good question for me. And they just managed message the bot I think. Everything is set up.
[04:30:41] Lingxi: And now
[04:30:43] Lingxi: I would let the Craig to talk with Jenny
[04:30:48] Lingxi: about this P0 workflow
[04:30:51] Lingxi: and bake it into the playbook.
[04:30:59] Lingxi: So my Craig can then talk with the Jenny to put this into the playbook and then Jenny can go announce to other engineers automatically.
[04:31:10] Lingxi: And then also let Jenny to announce to every engineer bot.
[04:31:20] Lingxi: The good thing of this is you are just thinking what needs to be done once. So you finish the workflow. You you get the handshake on. So all your bots understand what what needs to be done at what time. The next time something happens or the next time you need to add a new workflow like you actually need to do this. You need to do some step before you actually trigger deployment. They can just populate the playbook and all engineers will know that without you telling them individually.
[04:31:48] Lingxi: This is very similar to how a human organization is shaped while it's at the agent scale that agent has the context limit. Sometimes human does. So the treatments for human teams sometimes apply to the bot.
[04:32:03] Lingxi: Uh some does not apply but you can always experiment what whatever workflows you have and see if it works.
[04:32:13] Lingxi: Okay so they told the Jenny. You can see most of the conversations are directly between the bots just like I'm managing them as an engineering manager or I'm mentoring my talented intern. So they they know they kind of know
[04:32:28] Lingxi: what kind of things needs to be handshake between them. They just don't have the knowledge of what's going on at organization, what kind of workflows they should follow and what is good versus what is bad.
[04:32:40] Lingxi: Okay. So Jenny announced out to the other engineer bots. You can see Jenny talk with all of the bots and then also talk with the Mr. Craig about the playbook being updated. Uh the P0 urgent is now a standing operations.
[04:32:55] Lingxi: Um
[04:32:57] Lingxi: yeah you can see. And some other ideas are I want my PRs to come with some proofs so it's easier for me to review. That's also how I work nowadays that I don't really check my cloud agents. I check I check the results and check the proof. But it will be very disappointed if the proof is just not included.
[04:33:17] Lingxi: So I have to nudge them back say oh this misses the proof. That is very bad. I should just do it once so that all the things onward are just include the proof automatically. So I just tell with my Craig which is kind of like my my my head of engineering right now that
[04:33:34] Lingxi: another requirement for the playbook
[04:33:37] Lingxi: is to make sure every single
[04:33:41] Lingxi: PR comes with proofs like screenshots for UI changes and proof metrics for performance improvements.
[04:33:57] Lingxi: And I would they should not understand what to talk with the Jenny.
[04:34:02] Lingxi: And let's see how it goes with the Steve. So Steve already gets something back. You can see some cleanup and the PR is ready. I can directly click click over and start the review.
[04:34:14] Lingxi: And another one is also still running. The the best thing of the Grok Bot is even if you are chatting with them they can still do their existing things pretty well just like a human who can multitask a little though sometimes if you if if you nudge them too hard they will starts to lose their context because they're too much they're there are too many tasks to handle.
[04:34:36] Lingxi: So that's where my original engineer bot comes in which is you can get from the marketplace that it comes with an a fleet notion database that defines every single task plus the stage they're on. So even if one bot is managing like 20 cloud agents they don't have to populate their their limited contacts with everything about all these 20 cloud agents. They can just always check back to this DB whenever they find like whenever they need to take the next next task. So they don't really have to remember
[04:35:12] Lingxi: what is currently going on, what kind of client agents are are are being working on and and what is done and and needs their eyes to for for the next steps.
[04:35:21] Lingxi: As you can see this is a trust polish which is watching 33 which is going through the watching process of a possible security comments and bug bots. Uh this is also a big unblock in the engineering pipeline where the bug bots can
[04:35:37] Lingxi: can can can help you identify issues made by your agent and security bot security comment feature can also monitor potential security issues with respect to leaks or or like you know session management etc.
[04:35:53] Lingxi: Um so that's very helpful.
[04:35:56] Lingxi: So usually
[04:35:59] Lingxi: in in my workflow I would just go into this PR and review it and then get a get it merged. Let me let me actually check this PR. So
[04:36:10] Lingxi: this is that cloud agent
[04:36:12] Lingxi: that I that I previously kicked off before the stage and it it got some screenshots of what is being done plus you can see my agents are now writing all the prompts for my cloud agents. I no longer have to write all these prompts though I could which is what I previously used sometimes did. I don't have to. The agents would do this for me. So most of my task can stay on what kind of things needs to be done, what kind of things needs to be queued.
[04:36:39] Lingxi: And you can see this task just gets back all these screenshots. I can just feel confident to to merge and and what I will get.
[04:36:47] Lingxi: Okay. So
[04:36:50] Lingxi: go back to the presentation.
[04:36:53] Lingxi: I think we have you know I have been sharing a lot of my workflows today and I want to wrap up on what we can learn from today so you can take away with some ideas on how to start this whole workflow and how you can leverage it. The first thing I think it's very
[04:37:09] Lingxi: very mind-blowing is treat them like interns. So when you are feeling struggling about like communicating with your bots you don't know what kind of things to say or they just doing bad don't treat them like an agent or try to invoke skills etc. With Grok Bot you can
[04:37:27] Lingxi: chat with them in a messaging base which is how you would chat with a talented intern who does not know about what to do but once you tell them they can be extra capable of.
[04:37:39] Lingxi: Another thing is
[04:37:41] Lingxi: we can possibly think one level further rather than just fix this thing. This is also could could be known as reduce repetition that sometimes I repeat a prompt to my agents
[04:37:55] Lingxi: too often that it's a waste of my time if I have to type in or copy paste the same thing and send it to the agent 10 times. You can think it one level further about what what actually what actually needs to be done and then extracted into some layer either of via a playbook or via some other bots to nudge another bot for you at the right time.
[04:38:19] Lingxi: The last thing I think it's also very important for using engineering with cursor cloud agents is to have a complete feedback loop.
[04:38:26] Lingxi: No matter what type of engineering tasks you have it needs to have a feedback loop in order for agent to understand a signal of success versus failure. That's also very helpful for Grok Bot to determine whether that they should nudge further or whether they should stop
[04:38:42] Lingxi: and like you know let it merge.
[04:38:44] Lingxi: For example like you can let your agent to control the website via computer use. And I think that's the easiest feedback loop for hardware for hardware engineering there are also feedback loops on the signals of like whether something is actually good or not.
[04:39:00] Lingxi: And thank you. That's it for my workshop. Thank you so much for your attention. To those of you joined virtually it's time to head back with Matt, Lauren and Roshan.
[04:39:53] Matt Palmer: Um what we're going to build. And maybe a good place to start is that Lauren could walk through some of the things that that she started started shipping. What do you got Lauren?
[04:40:09] Lauren: Um
[04:40:11] Lauren: I don't know I've been doing anything that interesting but
[04:40:14] Lauren: I am so okay the the background is
[04:40:18] Lauren: in the xAI Slack. We have a lot of automations that do things like uh you know review our PRs
[04:40:28] Lauren: automatically triage bug reports and stuff like that. So I wanted to get something basic set up for us
[04:40:34] Lauren: so that
[04:40:36] Lauren: you know your bots can post PRs to the Slack channel and get it reviewed.
[04:40:41] Lauren: And then you can merge it and we can figure out how to deploy auto deploy maybe.
[04:40:48] Lauren: But yeah a lot of like the kind of ops stuff I've been trying to to work on.
[04:40:54] Lauren: And
[04:40:55] Lauren: I can kind of walk through what we have so far.
[04:40:59] Lauren: I don't know if my screen's being shared but
[04:41:04] Lauren: are we
[04:41:05] Matt Palmer: Yeah we'll get Lauren's screen up here and we'll start talking through it.
[04:41:08] Lauren: Yep.
[04:41:33] Matt Palmer: Maybe while Lauren is doing that we can just recap for while we're waiting for the screen I should say we can recap a little bit of what we're building. Mr. CEO.
[04:41:44] Lauren: All right. So what we're working on is a restaurant pop-up. So we're going to do a pop-up in person in San Francisco. This is a bit ambitious. So our goal is going to be to collect both people that want to attend the pop-up and then people that can actually make the pop-up happen because while we're building the business we're not restaurant tours. So we might need to find a restaurant. We need might need to connect people, find a location, do all the logistical work and then we're going to build
[04:42:03] Lauren: a platform around that. So the software that we built to make that pop-up happen we're going to need to figure out a way to turn that into a product and to sell. So it's a bit of a stretch goal by day three to make some money. But we're going to do our best to make it happen. And this is my screen where I 'm connecting GitHub and setting up repositories so ship by Thursday. But if we could cut over to Lauren's screen who has more things to show you this is permissioning for you know cursor cloud
[04:42:26] Lauren: agents. And so we'll work on getting over to Lauren's screen. But in the meantime Lauren's working on building out her sort of software factory. I'm connecting some GitHub repos to do some design work. So typically my workflows start in
[04:42:39] Lauren: Grok Bot and then they move over to cursor. You can kind of see how Grok Bot's interacting with cursor here. But yes once we get Lauren's screen up we should be able to to start talking through
[04:42:50] Lauren: how she uses Grok Bot.
[04:42:52] Lauren: But in the meantime we're working on building our restaurant business. I'm acting as CEO not self appointed CEO. Somebody else said that so throw that out there.
[04:42:59] Matt Palmer: Lauren gave us all titles. Lauren gave us all titles. Roshan is the CPO chief product officer. Lauren is the other CPO chief potato officer and also the CTO chief engineer building stuff. So yeah until then I'm working on getting cursor set up here to add some repositories. So typically you just have to auth your org.
[04:43:21] Matt Palmer: We're using our like ship by Thursday org here. So we've configured that. Also like some repositories that we're building in here. So we have Thursday. We have our company.
[04:43:31] Matt Palmer: There's some other stuff we're working with here but these are the two main ones. So I have a domain. We should have access to both of these domains.
[04:43:38] Matt Palmer: And
[04:43:40] Matt Palmer: should be auth.
[04:43:43] Matt Palmer: See if Grok Bot's good. On the meantime I've been creating some bots here. So we have our like prioritizer bot.
[04:43:49] Matt Palmer: I have my like operator research. So what I was trying to do here we talked to Cody about this
[04:43:55] Matt Palmer: is that we wanted to understand some similar businesses that have done pop-ups like this. So we have restaurant tours, operators and like sort of a a list of these people where I can kind of see do some basic research. And these are all really good restaurants by the way. Flower and water.
[04:44:14] Matt Palmer: I'm a restaurant group. And so now we can like kind of start to understand the business plan but more than that we're building up the software and we're going to start to connect people.
[04:44:22] Matt Palmer: And to create these bots I'm using Dr. Egg bot which is Lauren's
[04:44:26] Matt Palmer: bot. You can find it in the marketplace.
[04:44:28] Matt Palmer: One of the first featured bots for making more bots. It's about a bit of a bot factory if you will. And so now on the AV side if we can cut over to Lauren potentially in a way from me
[04:44:39] Matt Palmer: to another screen that's being shared. Are you sharing your screen Lauren? Uh I am. Cool. We'll we'll find out how to make that happen. And there we go. Look at that.
[04:44:47] Lauren: It's hard to share your screen.
[04:44:51] Lauren: So yeah like I was saying
[04:44:56] Lauren: we now we have a
[04:45:01] Lauren: we have a few new channels. In our Slack we have a PR review channel.
[04:45:06] Lauren: Let me mute the speaker.
[04:45:08] Lauren: So you can see that my idea basically is
[04:45:12] Lauren: me or my bots and I will post their PR links here.
[04:45:18] Lauren: And then you you can see that cursor has an automation that we just set up.
[04:45:22] Lauren: It's pretty unsophisticated right now. It's just it's just a prompt in the automation. Maybe I can actually
[04:45:29] Lauren: show it to you.
[04:45:34] Lauren: But here is the automation.
[04:45:37] Lauren: And yeah this automation is going to review a pull request for us. It's going to use P stack.
[04:45:44] Lauren: It's going to do things like check for correctness correctness, risk, missing tests.
[04:45:52] Lauren: It's got a bunch of stuff in here that I don't know if I like it but we'll we'll kind of iterate.
[04:45:59] Lauren: Um and so that's going to fire for every post in this channel. And then I'm setting up a new bug reports channel
[04:46:07] Lauren: where I'm going to set up a very similar automation.
[04:46:11] Lauren: And maybe we'll even figure out like once the page goes live a way to get feedback from like people on X automatically or something. And pipe them all into this channel. And then we can set up a like factory going where we automatically open PRs and triage bugs that people report
[04:46:29] Lauren: and have that fixed.
[04:46:31] Lauren: Obviously we don't really have anything to report bugs like we don't really have much of an app right now. But I wanted to set up something really basic
[04:46:39] Lauren: just so we can get started. So
[04:46:40] Matt Palmer: Sweet.
[04:46:41] Lauren: Cool. Well
[04:46:43] Lauren: awesome. The other thing I'm working on is this thing. So I talk a lot a lot about this on Twitter or X but I think verification is a really important part of using bots well.
[04:46:56] Lauren: And I'm not sure why the screen is frozen on Slack.
[04:47:01] Lauren: But
[04:47:03] Lauren: verification is really important because it allows your bot to run the application to you know take traces, to do take heap snapshots, debug the bug bugs.
[04:47:15] Lauren: And it's really important so that the agent can do work of its own that's not bottlenecked by me. Because without a verification skill then my bot will constantly be saying okay you know now you can run the app and click around and you know tell me if it works or not. And that takes a lot of back and forth. Very very slow.
[04:47:36] Lauren: So what I want to do is to
[04:47:39] Lauren: yeah set up that verification skill. So Steve uh well I already prompted Steve that let's first use P stack to run this skill called create verification skill.
[04:47:51] Lauren: So it delegated to our tater bot.
[04:47:55] Lauren: And let's see what tater is up to.
[04:47:59] Lauren: So I guess it's trying to trying to work through that.
[04:48:04] Lauren: Um let's say let's try what's the status
[04:48:10] Lauren: tater.
[04:48:16] Lauren: And we'll see what it comes back with.
[04:48:18] Matt Palmer: So you might be seeing my screen right now. I'm just working on some of the lander stuff. So while Lauren's working through that we're going to figure out how to get her screen back up while I'm working on the lander.
[04:48:28] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[04:48:30] Lauren: Do you have any ideas what you're going to do for the landing page?
[04:48:33] Matt Palmer: So actually we we kind of started wiring something up.
[04:48:37] Matt Palmer: It doesn't seem like
[04:48:40] Matt Palmer: seems like we're running into some more technical difficulties where the screen is frozen.
[04:48:44] Matt Palmer: So anyway we have the the lander wired up. We have a domain that we're prototyping. We'll share that with y'all shortly. But in the meantime we are working on just polishing the design. So I'm going to start kicking off some some bots like work on the design. I have some skills I use.
[04:48:58] Matt Palmer: So like make design make interfaces feel better is a good one. I prefer minimalism and that's maybe a good place to start before we start working on some branding. So I'm going to take that prototype you built Lauren and I'm going to turn that into something that I think looks nice and maybe a little bit more professional while you kind of work on the back end services. And then we can tie in some like waitlist sign up type stuff.
[04:49:16] Matt Palmer: So now we have what appears to be Lauren's screen.
[04:49:19] Matt Palmer: Yeah you can keep walking through it.
[04:49:21] Lauren: Cool.
[04:49:26] Lauren: Is it is it working?
[04:49:30] Lauren: Yeah so it spawned a cloud agent and I guess we're just waiting for it to build the skill for me.
[04:49:44] Lauren: I guess while we while we wait we can also just take a quick look at P stack and what that skill does.
[04:49:50] Lauren: So
[04:49:52] Lauren: I think there's like two interesting parts to verification skills
[04:49:55] Lauren: that in my experience have let the makes the skill more
[04:50:02] Lauren: useful for agents. And that is that I I feel like there's largely two parts to the skill which is one is you want like a CLI or a script or some kind of
[04:50:15] Lauren: tool that allows the bots or agents to reliably and deterministically interact with your application. Uh I mean bots and agents are pretty smart now where they can just write scripts on the fly. But that obviously uses a lot of tokens.
[04:50:32] Lauren: And it's also like it's not reproducible because now every bot has its own script that it's going to use for doing the verification. And I'd rather it just have like a standard set of tools.
[04:50:44] Lauren: So
[04:50:45] Lauren: the verification skill is going to or the create verification skill is going to create this CLI for us.
[04:50:53] Lauren: And also is going to create something called a feature map
[04:50:56] Lauren: which is not super important for us right now because we don't really have any features.
[04:51:01] Lauren: But the idea of the feature map is it gives you know as the names suggest it's a it's a map for the agents and the bots to
[04:51:14] Lauren: understand the application like what features you have, how to get to it, you know keyboard shortcuts and and so on.
[04:51:23] Lauren: So let me see why this is taking so long.
[04:51:27] Matt Palmer: And I'm thinking like I'm working on the waitlist right now. We really just need a way for people to submit emails and then log that somewhere. There are a couple of different platforms. Actually like loops for this which is actually a really great platform. You can also use resend. I might just start start with resend because it's it's pretty simple to get started and agents are quite good
[04:51:48] Matt Palmer: there. So the lander
[04:51:49] Lauren: We might have a plugin for it. I wonder if we do.
[04:51:51] Matt Palmer: I think you're right. I think we do. Yeah I think we do. Cool. So I'm directing my agent to work on that Thursday repo. We do have a resend plugin so that's pretty cool.
[04:52:18] Lauren: I just have to wait for this.
[04:52:19] Matt Palmer: By the way the domain is live.
[04:52:21] Lauren: Yeah. It's now connected.
[04:52:23] Matt Palmer: I noticed that.
[04:52:24] Lauren: It's now connected.
[04:52:25] Matt Palmer: Do we have any submissions yet?
[04:52:27] Lauren: Uh well we haven't heard from the submission form.
[04:52:30] Matt Palmer: No I did. I did. I hooked it up to to our database.
[04:52:30] Lauren: Oh you did? Oh really?
[04:52:33] Matt Palmer: So we might if there's anyone hitting the page I think we'll start seeing entries.
[04:52:37] Lauren: Let me let's see what we got.
[04:52:38] Matt Palmer: Maybe maybe see if we got any.
[04:52:39] Lauren: Yeah I'm going to Is this in the back end I need to go to or
[04:52:44] Matt Palmer: Uh yeah you you need to go to the planet scale and then you can look up our
[04:52:47] Lauren: Seems like good things to mention. Like we already have I didn't even know everyone's Wow.
[04:52:56] Matt Palmer: I think we want to redesign the form first though because I think right now it's like kind of hardcoded the form. I don't know if we're even collecting information that's that useful. So if you're submitting like maybe don't don't submit yet because it's probably just it's just a throwaway prototype for now. But I think we'll want to iterate and think about what information we need, who the audience is and
[04:53:18] Lauren: I have my I have my I have my founding edge bot open right here. I'm going to do a little rant with what I think we need.
[04:53:24] Matt Palmer: Okay.
[04:53:24] Lauren: So then we need to redesign the UI to be much more minimalist first of all. It looks really bad. And then second we want to and around collecting guests or like reservations. So what I'm thinking is we just want an email sign up for people that want to join our pop-up. And once the person signs up we're going to log them in the database. In the top right corner we want a button for like restaurant tours or other proprietors or people who can help us like make this happen. So we're going to collect
[04:53:52] Lauren: primarily
[04:53:53] Lauren: guest booking information so you'll be able to go sign up. But then secondarily people that want to submit basically a request to like help us out because we need some help. We're going to need to go find some people and maybe people want to submit that. I think we're just going to have to send a lot of emails and use our Grok Bot to do market research on how to make that happen. And so I'm going to work on that personally but I want this bot to redesign the website.
[04:54:17] Lauren: So with that transcription
[04:54:20] Lauren: hopefully my engineering bot will start working towards getting that done.
[04:54:30] Matt Palmer: So while we wait for the verification skill use ask tater to use to prototype some uh via a cloud agent I guess to prototype some admin. So what do we want?
[04:54:58] Lauren: What do we need?
[04:55:00] Matt Palmer: Uh well I'm just thinking about okay what what what features will the platform actually need. I guess you need to be able to so we have a sign up page. Uh
[04:55:10] Matt Palmer: well we'll definitely need the login screen. And then we will like what what do people do on this platform? I guess you so you want to host
[04:55:18] Matt Palmer: us you want to create a startup as a a pop-up. What's the first thing you need?
[04:55:24] Lauren: A name. A name for a pop-up. Very sure. Uh
[04:55:27] Matt Palmer: A date and time date and time. Do you want to run Basically you want submissions and then you want like the the event. Right?
[04:55:33] Lauren: So the first thing is to create an event page I guess.
[04:55:35] Matt Palmer: Event. Yeah like this yeah I guess like the the defining thing would be like an event. And then an event has uh
[04:55:40] Lauren: An event has um a bunch of other related tables to it like
[04:55:46] Matt Palmer: Right.
[04:55:48] Lauren: uh like well people need like an invitation a way to collect collect sign ups for their pop-up.
[04:55:54] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[04:55:55] Lauren: Uh we will need um we will need tools for managing
[04:56:04] Matt Palmer: Yeah you'll need
[04:56:04] Lauren: staff I guess.
[04:56:05] Matt Palmer: Yeah permissions on the event itself. Like maybe there's event owners and then there's event sort of um like hosts perhaps. Like there's owners, hosts and then attendees maybe. And so like if we have a static account type across the entire platform we could split it out that way.
[04:56:19] Lauren: Yeah. Uh so I'm going to
[04:56:23] Matt Palmer: Feel like I need a whiteboard.
[04:56:24] Lauren: Yeah it would be really nice if we had a whiteboard uh just just so I have some picture of what we're trying to build.
[04:56:29] Matt Palmer: Yeah maybe I can start um just drawing something.
[04:56:31] Lauren: Uh maybe you can do it in like TL draw
[04:56:33] Matt Palmer: That's what I was thinking. Yeah let me let me pull that up.
[04:56:35] Lauren: Awesome.
[04:56:35] Matt Palmer: Um
[04:56:39] Matt Palmer: I'm going to say to use to build out uh
[04:56:42] Matt Palmer: some
[04:56:44] Matt Palmer: prototypes of features we'll need in our platform.
[04:56:51] Matt Palmer: For example
[04:56:54] Matt Palmer: and help me brainstorm what we'll need.
[04:56:58] Matt Palmer: Uh
[04:57:01] Matt Palmer: user should be able to create their own uh event.
[04:57:10] Matt Palmer: Uh
[04:57:13] Matt Palmer: event have a date
[04:57:17] Matt Palmer: uh
[04:57:18] Matt Palmer: list of
[04:57:20] Matt Palmer: what we'll need uh
[04:57:24] Matt Palmer: sign ups I guess. Uh
[04:57:27] Matt Palmer: venue
[04:57:31] Matt Palmer: date
[04:57:32] Matt Palmer: date time
[04:57:34] Matt Palmer: venue um staff.
[04:57:39] Matt Palmer: Uh
[04:57:41] Matt Palmer: what else do you need to to run an event?
[04:57:45] Lauren: Um
[04:57:47] Lauren: I guess we also need some like
[04:57:50] Lauren: I I think this is fine. Um and then
[04:57:55] Lauren: we'll need some venue
[04:57:58] Lauren: for
[04:58:00] Lauren: the user to uh
[04:58:06] Lauren: start collecting or maybe not collecting but
[04:58:12] Lauren: we need to integrate with a bunch of things right because um
[04:58:16] Lauren: just venues alone. For example like we need some kind of map
[04:58:21] Lauren: uh location.
[04:58:21] Matt Palmer: Oh yeah. Like where like basically routing and how you get to the venue. Or you mean something else?
[04:58:25] Lauren: Uh I'm just thinking like do we help our users to market research as well?
[04:58:31] Matt Palmer: Hm.
[04:58:31] Lauren: So you know if we if we had like a maps or something like that like a database where we have uh location data then you can start thinking about places you want to host your pop-up. Um
[04:58:47] Matt Palmer: How do you like to build? Like I'm this is a good this is like my like generally questions like do you like to try and like think about bigger features like this or is it more like a tracer kind of MVP approach where we're like let's just literally be able to fill out all the details end to end and then turn it up.
[04:58:59] Lauren: Yeah I kind of want to do like a very scrappy prototype first but I want to know like maybe what's the hero use case.
[04:59:06] Matt Palmer: Sure.
[04:59:06] Lauren: Yeah.
[04:59:06] Matt Palmer: Right like what's the user flow? Maybe hero use case. Yeah I think the hero use case is that we have a person or a group of people that want to create a pop-up. And it's a restaurant pop-up right. So you want to find a restaurant they can work with where they can serve food and throw an event for their community. And um they
[04:59:22] Matt Palmer: want to manage the entirety of that pop-up operations through this platform or through this through the service right. So basically they need to um you know find a location, they need to hire staff, they need to coordinate a menu let's say food and drink.
[04:59:38] Matt Palmer: Um they need to have an event plan. Like maybe they want to build a run of show or kind of how the actual event will run like a schedule for it. Uh and then I think they also want to be able to invite people and then do all of the attendee management. Maybe it's ticketed, maybe it's not ticketed. Um and all of that.
[04:59:55] Matt Palmer: Does that sound right?
[04:59:56] Lauren: I think yeah one thing I'm I'm I'm starting to worry about is like there's a lot of scope here.
[04:59:59] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[05:00:00] Lauren: uh because you know each one of these could even be like a a product in itself.
[05:00:04] Roshan: Mhm.
[05:00:06] Lauren: uh uh uh um Tater's progress with our uh uh uh Oh my gosh I should make sure
[05:00:11] Roshan: Sweet. It'd be cool like if we had a design system cuz that way like I was trying to make some flyers. It would be nice if we could uh yeah I mean yeah.
[05:00:11] Roshan: So get the landing page done.
[05:00:13] Roshan: Is that live?
[05:00:13] Roshan: Is that live?
[05:00:13] Roshan: Is that live?
[05:01:52] Lauren: Okay. So
[05:01:54] Lauren: Yeah, so we're collecting emails which is good.
[05:01:56] Lauren: um
[05:01:58] Lauren: and then
[05:01:59] Lauren: uh
[05:01:59] Lauren: basically we need to start canvassing
[05:02:01] Lauren: or doing restaurants
[05:02:01] Lauren: or doing restaurants
[05:02:01] Lauren: or doing restaurants
[05:02:02] Lauren: on
[05:02:02] Lauren: on
[05:02:02] Lauren: on
[05:02:02] Lauren: research on restaurants in San Francisco
[05:02:02] Lauren: research on restaurants in San Francisco
[05:02:02] Lauren: research on restaurants in San Francisco
[05:02:05] Lauren: that could possibly
[05:02:05] Lauren: that could possibly
[05:02:05] Lauren: that could possibly
[05:02:06] Lauren: accept these like reservations, right?
[05:02:06] Lauren: accept these like reservations, right?
[05:02:06] Lauren: accept these like reservations, right?
[05:02:08] Lauren: And then I think the other thing that we'd want to do
[05:02:08] Lauren: And then I think the other thing that we'd want to do
[05:02:08] Lauren: And then I think the other thing that we'd want to do
[05:02:11] Lauren: Yes.
[05:02:11] Lauren: Yes.
[05:02:11] Lauren: Yes.
[05:02:12] Lauren: uh
[05:02:12] Lauren: uh
[05:02:12] Lauren: uh
[05:02:12] Lauren: is start to uh
[05:02:12] Lauren: is start to uh
[05:02:12] Lauren: is start to uh
[05:02:15] Lauren: uh the other thing we want to do is like start to um work ms with
[05:02:15] Lauren: uh the other thing we want to do is like start to um work ms with
[05:02:15] Lauren: uh the other thing we want to do is like start to um work ms with
[05:02:19] Lauren: maybe Twitter can help us like maybe we create a Twitter account that people can tweet out like if you're a restaurant owner in San Francisco or if you're a chef in the Bay Area and you want to host an event like this we could try and do something.
[05:02:19] Lauren: maybe Twitter can help us like maybe we create a Twitter account that people can tweet out like if you're a restaurant owner in San Francisco or if you're a chef in the Bay Area and you want to host an event like this we could try and do something.
[05:02:19] Lauren: maybe Twitter can help us like maybe we create a Twitter account that people can tweet out like if you're a restaurant owner in San Francisco or if you're a chef in the Bay Area and you want to host an event like this we could try and do something.
[05:02:28] Roshan: We want to reach out to people as well.
[05:02:28] Roshan: We want to reach out to people as well.
[05:02:28] Roshan: We want to reach out to people as well.
[05:02:30] Lauren: I think we need to just reach out to people. So that's like a market research or some sort of bot not market research bot but just like an outreach bot. um so I'll have Dr. Eggbot start to spin some of these things up uh as well.
[05:02:30] Lauren: I think we need to just reach out to people. So that is like a market research or some sort of bot not market research bot but just like an outreach bot. um so I'll have Dr. Eggbot start to spin some of these things up uh as well.
[05:02:30] Lauren: I think we need to just reach out to people. So that is like a market research or some sort of bot not market research bot but just like an outreach bot. um so I have Dr. Eggbot start to spin some of these things up uh as well.
[05:02:48] Lauren: But um
[05:02:48] Lauren: But um
[05:02:48] Lauren: But um
[05:02:51] Lauren: uh how can we um
[05:02:51] Lauren: uh how can we um
[05:02:51] Lauren: uh how can we um
[05:02:54] Lauren: how can we start to like what do you think is the best use of time for like you you know as the engineer like building stuff out?
[05:02:54] Lauren: how can we start to like what do you think is the best use of time for like you you know as the engineer like building stuff out?
[05:02:54] Lauren: how can we start to like what do you think is the best use of time for like you you know as the engineer like building stuff out?
[05:03:00] Roshan: um I mean all of this can build inside. I don't think I need to be the blocker there.
[05:03:00] Roshan: um I mean all of this can build inside. I don't think I need to be the blocker there.
[05:03:00] Roshan: um I mean all of this can build inside. I don't think I need to be the blocker there.
[05:03:05] Lauren: Okay, cool.
[05:03:05] Lauren: Okay, cool.
[05:03:05] Lauren: Okay, cool.
[05:03:06] Roshan: um
[05:03:06] Roshan: um
[05:03:06] Roshan: um
[05:03:08] Roshan: I think that the the key thing to nail is just like what are we building first? um and then my thought on that again is like
[05:03:08] Roshan: I think that the the key thing to nail is just like what are we building first? um and then my thought on that again is like let's try to ground it in our own search for running the prototype and that will actually inform us what we really need to build rather than you know me just try to
[05:03:08] Roshan: I think that the the key thing to nail is just like what are we building first? um and then my thought on that again is like let's try to ground it in our own search for running the prototype and that will actually inform us what we really need to build rather than you know me just try to
[05:03:16] Roshan: let's try to ground it in our own search for running the prototype and that will actually inform us what we really need to build rather than you know me just try to
[05:03:26] Roshan: imagine what you might need, right? Like I think we need to we need to like is this is almost like how I write agent skills too, right? I do the work manually first before I automate it.
[05:03:26] Roshan: imagine what you might need, right? Like I think we need to we need to like is this is almost like how I write agent skills too, right? I do the work manually first before I automate it.
[05:03:26] Roshan: imagine what you might need, right? Like I think we need to we need to like is this is almost like how I write agent skills too, right? I do the work manually first before I automate it.
[05:03:38] Roshan: um and so I think we should we shouldn't skip that step because you know like what Cody was saying like we're not really domain experts yet on running a pop-up. So I think we need to do that first. Right? We can definitely rush into building things but I I don't even know if that's going to be very effective.
[05:03:38] Roshan: um and so I think we should we shouldn't skip that step because you know like what Cody was saying like we're not really domain experts yet on running a pop-up. So I think we need to do that first. Right? We can definitely rush into building things but I I don't even know if that 's going to be very effective.
[05:03:38] Roshan: um and so I think we should we shouldn't skip that step because you know like what Cody was saying like we're not really domain experts yet on running a pop-up. So I think we need to do that first. Right? We can definitely rush into building things but I I don't even know if that 's going to be very effective.
[05:03:49] Lauren: Yeah.
[05:03:49] Lauren: Yea.
[05:03:49] Lauren: Yea.
[05:03:56] Roshan: um so I almost imagine like what if we just start
[05:03:56] Roshan: um so I almost imagine like what if we just start
[05:03:56] Roshan: um so I almost imagine like what if we just start
[05:03:59] Roshan: cold calling a bunch of people you know Matt you had this really great uh video that you shared recently about connecting Grok Bot to like a a voice agent to make calls.
[05:03:59] Roshan: cold calling a bunch of people you know Matt you had this really great uh video that you shared recently about connecting Grok Bot to like a a voice agent to make calls.
[05:03:59] Roshan: cold calling a bunch of people you know Matt you had this really great uh video that you shared recently about connecting Grok Bot to like a a voice agent to make calls.
[05:04:07] Lauren: voice agent to make calls.
[05:04:07] Lauren: voice agent to make calls.
[05:04:07] Lauren: voice agent to make calls.
[05:04:10] Roshan: I wonder if you could just like not spam people but um maybe not even automate the thing but like just find us some phone numbers and get on the line get get
[05:04:10] Roshan: I wonder if you could just like not spam people but um maybe not even automate the thing but like just find us some phone numbers and get on the line get get
[05:04:10] Roshan: I wonder if you could just like not spam people but um maybe not even automate the thing but like just find us some phone numbers and get on the line get get
[05:04:19] Lauren: Yeah.
[05:04:19] Lauren: Yea.
[05:04:19] Lauren: Yea.
[05:04:21] Roshan: dial the numbers and get on the line and then we you take over or something.
[05:04:21] Roshan: dial the numbers and get on the line and then we you take over or something.
[05:04:21] Roshan: dial the numbers and get on the line and then we you take over or something.
[05:04:24] Lauren: Mhm. Yeah, so I mean I can have a bot that does research like we can try and get phone calls for restaurants or people that could do this, right? I think there are probably groups that we should call and talk to them about hosting a pop-up um or emails that we need to send. So I'm going to get email wired up right now. So we're going to have to like go and resell and do like the DNS thing with like all right
[05:04:24] Lauren: Mhm. Yeah, so I mean I can have a bot that does research like we can try and get phone calls for restaurants or people that could do this, right? I think there are probably groups that we should call and talk to them about hosting a pop-up um or emails that we need to send. So I'm going to get email wired up right now. So we're going to have to like go and resell and do like the DNS thing with like all right
[05:04:24] Lauren: Mhm. Yeah, so I mean I can have a bot that does research like we can try and get phone calls for restaurants or people that could do this, right? I think there are probably groups that we should call and talk to them about hosting a pop-up um or emails that we need to send. So I going to get email wired up right now. So we're going to have to like go and resell and do like the DNS thing with like all right
[05:04:34] Roshan: Right. Sure sure sure. We have a domain
[05:04:42] Roshan: Sure sure sure. We have a domain
[05:04:42] Roshan: Sure sure sure. We have a domain
[05:04:43] Lauren: Yeah, shipby thurs. day
[05:04:43] Lauren: Yeah, shipby thurs. day
[05:04:43] Lauren: Yeah, shipby thurs. day
[05:04:45] Roshan: uh yeah I think you and Grok Bot should be able to set up the the settings so so like we can just forward it to another email or should we sign up for a Google Workspace account?
[05:04:45] Roshan: uh yeah I think you and Grok Bot should be able to set up the the settings so so like we can just forward it to another email or should we sign up for a Google Workspace account?
[05:04:45] Roshan: uh yeah I think you and Grok Bot should be able to set up the the settings so so like we can just forward it to another email or should we sign up for a Google Workspace account?
[05:04:51] Lauren: Yeah. I feel like we could use something like an agent mail or like a
[05:04:51] Lauren: Yea. I feel like we could use something like an agent mail or like a
[05:04:51] Lauren: Yea. I feel like we could use something like an agent mail or like a
[05:04:56] Roshan: Well yeah I think the main thing is like we just have to have emails coming from us that sound
[05:04:56] Roshan: Well yeah I think the main thing is like we just have to have emails coming from us that sound
[05:04:56] Roshan: Well yeah I think the main thing is like we just have to have emails coming from us that sound
[05:05:00] Lauren: That look professional.
[05:05:00] Lauren: That look professional.
[05:05:00] Lauren: That look professional.
[05:05:01] Roshan: that sound like like Matt Palmer not like a a crazy but we we all have personal emails, right? So like I think that that could be all right. um
[05:05:01] Roshan: that sound like like Matt Palmer not like a a crazy but we we all have personal emails, right? So like I think that that could be all right. um
[05:05:01] Roshan: that sound like like Matt Palmer not like a a crazy but we we all have personal emails, right? So like I think that that could be all right. um
[05:05:06] Lauren: Yeah.
[05:05:06] Lauren: Yea.
[05:05:06] Lauren: Yea.
[05:05:08] Lauren: uh so okay. Take a step back. uh
[05:05:08] Lauren: uh so okay. Take a step back. uh
[05:05:08] Lauren: uh so okay. Take a step back. uh
[05:05:11] Lauren: we're going to get the DNS set up so we can like start to do some of that stuff um and then I'm going to go use a a Grok Bot to do research on finding people that we can reach out to. uh so we'll tell Dr. Eggbot I need a new Grok Bot for doing research on finding restaurant tours or businesses that could help us host our pop-up. So let's think logistically end to end. I think the first thing we need is perhaps um a service that can make food and then the second thing is a location. If we knew those
[05:05:11] Lauren: we going to get the DNS set up so we can like start to do some of that stuff um and then I'm going to go use a a Grok Bot to do research on finding people that we can reach out to. uh so we'll tell Dr. Eggbot I need a new Grok Bot for doing research on finding restaurant tours or businesses that could help us host our pop-up. So let's think logistically end to end. I think the first thing we need is perhaps um a service that can make food and then the second thing is a location. If we knew those two
[05:05:11] Lauren: we going to get the DNS set up so we can like start to do some of that stuff um and then I going to go use a a Grok Bot to do research on finding people that we can reach out to. uh so we tell Dr. Eggbot I need a new Grok Bot for doing research on finding restaurant tours or businesses that could help us host our pop-up. So let's think logistically end to end. I think the first thing we need is perhaps um a service that can make food and then the second thing is a location. If we knew those two things
[05:05:39] Lauren: two things we could just get people um once we have a date. So the the really the the four things are first um people to help us, second a date, uh and then third a location. I think it might work best to start with a date because if we have a date then we can call people and say we're doing this thing on this day and we need your help. So maybe if we're being conservative what do you think like a month in advance say October 15th or something?
[05:05:39] Lauren: things we could just get people um once we have a date. So the the really the the four things are first um people to help us, second a date, uh and then third a location. I think it might work best to start with a date because if we have a date then we can call people and say we doing this thing on this day and we need your help. So maybe if we being conservative what do you think like a month in advance say October 15th or something?
[05:05:39] Lauren: we could just get people um once we have a date. So the the really the the four things are first um people to help us, second a date, uh and then third a location. I think it might work best to start with a date because if we have a date then we can call people and say we doing this thing on this day and we need your help. So maybe if we being conservative what do you think like a month in advance say October 15th or something?
[05:06:01] Roshan: Maybe. Yeah, I think that's a good starting point.
[05:06:01] Roshan: Maybe. Yeah, I think that's a good starting point.
[05:06:01] Roshan: Maybe. Yeah, I think that's a good starting point.
[05:06:02] Lauren: Okay, so so we'll start with October 15th. That will ground our comms. Take note of this in notion because this is like kind of the business plan and then um from there what we're going to work towards is finding all of the types of people in San Francisco and the Bay Area that could put on this sort of event whether that's a restaurant tour or a catering company. um I'm going to connect Google Drive and we'll just make a list of that or actually you could make a new page in notion we'll do it that
[05:06:02] Lauren: Okay, so so we'll start with October 15th. That will ground our comms. Take note of this in notion because this is like kind of the business plan and then um from there what we're going to work towards is finding all of the types of people in San Francisco and the Bay Area that could put on this sort of event whether that's a restaurant tour or a catering company. um I going to connect Google Drive and we just make a list of that or actually you could make a new page in notion we'll do it that there
[05:06:02] Matt Palmer: Okay, so so we'll start with October 15th. That will ground our comms. Take note of this in notion because this is like kind of the business plan and then um from there what we're going to work towards is finding all of the types of people in San Francisco and the Bay Area that could put on this sort of event whether that's a restaurant tour or a catering company. um I going to connect Google Drive and we just make a list of that or actually you could make a new page in notion we'll do it that there
[05:06:27] Lauren: there um and then uh on top of that what I want to do is I want to work on um
[05:06:28] Lauren: um and then uh on top of that what I want to do is I want to work on um
[05:06:28] Matt Palmer: um and then uh on top of that what I want to do is I want to work on um
[05:06:36] Lauren: like researching uh the locations. But let's start with that for now and dispatch bots as necessary so that we can start working on this in parallel.
[05:06:36] Lauren: like researching uh the locations. But let 's start with that for now and dispatch bots as necessary so that we can start working on this in parallel.
[05:06:36] Matt Palmer: like researching uh the locations. But let 's start with that for now and dispatch bots as necessary so that we can start working on this in parallel.
[05:06:43] Lauren: So we showing Lauren's
[05:06:43] Lauren: So we showing Lauren's
[05:06:43] Matt Palmer: So we showing Lauren's
[05:06:46] Matt Palmer: So yeah we showing Lauren's screen for right now uh just to to
[05:06:46] Lauren: So yeah we showing Lauren's screen for right now uh just to to keep things uh simple but on my end I asked Dr. Eggbot basically to spin up some parallel while getting to uh
[05:06:46] Lauren: So yeah we showing Lauren's screen for right now uh just to to keep things uh simple but on my end I asked Dr. Eggbot basically to spin up some n parallel while getting to uh
[05:06:57] Lauren: like it seems like um my bot is having trouble accessing the actual repositories. Have you noticed anything with like there if I need to like restart? Okay.
[05:06:57] Lauren: like it seems like um my bot is having trouble accessing the actual repositories. Have you noticed anything with like there if I need to like restart? Okay.
[05:07:03] Roshan: No.
[05:07:03] Roshan: No.
[05:07:05] Lauren: Cool. um I'll try and do that.
[05:07:05] Lauren: Cool. um I'll try and do that.
[05:07:06] Roshan: Maybe just try to re auth your GitHub.
[05:07:06] Roshan: Maybe just try to re auth your GitHub.
[05:07:07] Lauren: Yeah, I'll try re auth thing. Sometimes uh yeah.
[05:07:07] Lauren: Yeah, I'll try re auth thing. Sometimes uh yeah.
[05:07:11] Roshan: It can also sometimes help install the GitHub CLI on the bot's computer if you feel like to use that then it'll um
[05:07:11] Roshan: It can also sometimes help install the GitHub CLI on the bot's computer if you feel like to use that then it'll um
[05:07:13] Lauren: uh Sure sure sure.
[05:07:13] Lauren: uh Sure sure sure.
[05:07:17] Lauren: Okay, so I think what I just might have used the wrong connector. That's probably it. uh I think our first feature will be to help Matt.
[05:07:17] Lauren: Okay, so I think what I just might have used the wrong connector. That's probably it. uh I think our first feature will be to help Matt.
[05:07:26] Lauren: um so for context uh Steve
[05:07:26] Lauren: um so for context uh Steve
[05:07:29] Lauren: uh what we're going to try to do with our startup idea here is we're going to
[05:07:29] Lauren: uh what we're going to try to do with our startup idea here is we're going to
[05:07:34] Lauren: try to build out the platform
[05:07:34] Lauren: try to build out the platform
[05:07:38] Lauren: through dog footing meaning that we will
[05:07:38] Lauren: through dog footing meaning that we will
[05:07:41] Lauren: actually do the work of getting this pop-up set up and then building tools that make that easier. So we can actually dog food the experience of using our tools ourselves and um only build it when you know we feel like it 's good.
[05:07:41] Lauren: actually do the work of getting this pop-up set up and then building tools that make that easier. So we can actually dog food the experience of using our tools ourselves and um only build it when you know we feel like it 's good.
[05:07:58] Lauren: So I feel like the first part of this pop-up is we probably want to start with just like maybe the location. So I want you to help me using uh Tater mode and I guess maybe ask Tater to spawn a cloud agent to do this.
[05:07:58] Lauren: So I feel like the first part of this pop-up is we probably want to start with just like maybe the location. So I want you to help me using uh Tater mode and I guess maybe ask Tater to spawn a cloud agent to do this.
[05:08:13] Lauren: uh but I want to uh create a bunch of prototypes for a tool that helps us find
[05:08:13] Lauren: uh but I want to uh create a bunch of prototypes for a tool that helps us find
[05:08:23] Lauren: restaurants
[05:08:23] Lauren: restaurants
[05:08:25] Lauren: um and the tool should make it really easy for us to make phone calls. uh maybe we want to do some uh sleuthing as well of like maybe on LinkedIn or something. I don't know how to how to search for that. But some way to actually you know look up the people behind the restaurants so we can get in touch with like the manager or someone like that uh and figure out if they'd be willing to work with us. So we basically there's like a tool to I'm imagining something like a like a map
[05:08:25] Lauren: um and the tool should make it really easy for us to make phone calls. uh maybe we want to do some uh sleuthing as well of like maybe on LinkedIn or something. I don't know how to how to search for that. But some way to actually you know look up the people behind the restaurants so we can get in touch with like the manager or someone like that uh and figure out if they'd be willing to work with us. So we basically there's like a tool to I'm imagining something like a like a map
[05:08:55] Lauren: um on the screen and uh like a search
[05:08:55] Lauren: um on the screen and uh like a search
[05:09:00] Lauren: function uh that uh you can kind of search for things by cuisine uh
[05:09:00] Lauren: function uh that uh you can kind of search for things by cuisine uh
[05:09:07] Lauren: or then location and uh very quickly uh you know make phone calls. So this doesn't need to look very good. It's just like a little tool for us right now. Can you build this uh these prototypes for us?
[05:09:07] Lauren: or then location and uh very quickly uh you know make phone calls. So this doesn't need to look very good. It 's just like a little tool for us right now. Can you build this uh these prototypes for us?
[05:09:26] Lauren: Man these prompts are super long.
[05:09:26] Lauren: Man these prompts are super long.
[05:09:28] Lauren: It's two minutes of me talking.
[05:09:28] Lauren: It's two minutes of me talking.
[05:09:30] Lauren: uh and now I'm as usual I'm going to say uh restate in your own words before executing.
[05:09:30] Lauren: uh and now I am as usual I'm going to say uh and now I am as as usual I'm going to say uh we state in your own words before executing.
[05:09:45] Roshan: I wonder if there's a quick way to try and prototype the um call the business idea. How did you do the phone number thing?
[05:09:45] Roshan: I wonder if there's a quick way to try and prototype the um call the business idea. How did you do the phone number thing?
[05:09:52] Lauren: um I use the Bland MCP uh for for a business idea call thing but it seems like Potato's on it and then also like rather than while you guys are trying to build this out I actually just pulled um some different like kitchen productions uh in Grok Bot. So I have like 15 restaurants that that do caterers that uh are are um good at like
[05:09:52] Lauren: um I use the Bland MCP uh for for a business idea call thing but it seems like Potato's on it and then also like rather than while you guys are trying to build this out I actually just pulled um some different like kitchen productions uh in Grok Bot. So I have like 15 restaurants that that do caterers that uh are are um good at like
[05:10:13] Lauren: cooking stuff.
[05:10:13] Lauren: cooking stuff.
[05:10:14] Lauren: And so we have basically like uh short list of places I can call. We can start to look for actual locations which I also have my bots doing um and then also wiring up email simultaneously.
[05:10:14] Lauren: And so we have basically like uh short list of places I can call. We can start to look for actual locations which I also have my bots doing um and then also wiring up email simultaneously.
[05:10:25] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah. uh I guess we'll need to figure out how to get like a Google Maps key. Just so so maybe you can help us.
[05:10:25] Roshan: Yea. Yea. uh I guess we'll need to figure out how to get like a Google Maps key. Just so so maybe you can help us.
[05:10:34] Lauren: Yeah, let me see what I can find out. um And you're thinking mostly so we can like show location information in the
[05:10:34] Lauren: Yea, let me see what I can find out. And you're thinking mostly so we can like show location information in the
[05:10:41] Roshan: Yeah.
[05:10:41] Roshan: Yea.
[05:10:42] Lauren: like in the UI? um
[05:10:42] Lauren: like in the UI? um
[05:10:45] Lauren: That's what I'm imagining is like a tool um
[05:10:45] Lauren: That what I'm imagining is like a tool um
[05:10:49] Lauren: to uh
[05:10:49] Lauren: to uh
[05:10:52] Lauren: because I'm just imagining like you know you're you're starting a pop-up. The The most one of the most important things is like location.
[05:10:52] Lauren: because I'm just imagining like you know you you are starting a pop-up. The The most one of the most important things is like location.
[05:10:57] Roshan: Yeah.
[05:10:57] Roshan: Yea.
[05:10:57] Lauren: So you want to be able to like quickly find good places uh and it'd be nice if we could do this on the platform. So cuz then it's hooked up to all of our different pieces.
[05:10:57] Lauren: So you want to be able to like quickly find good places uh and it'd be nice if we could do this on the platform. So cuz then it hooked up to all of our different pieces.
[05:11:07] Roshan: Yeah.
[05:11:07] Roshan: Yea.
[05:11:08] Lauren: um So I don't know yeah maybe Open Street Map could be another good free is that free alternative?
[05:11:08] Lauren: um So I don't know yeah maybe Open Street Map could be another good free is that free alternative?
[05:11:15] Roshan: Yeah, I think it is. Maybe we could start with that and we can always change it later on.
[05:11:15] Roshan: Yea, I think it is. Maybe we could start with that and we can always change it later on.
[05:11:17] Lauren: Yeah, okay. I think it's a little easier to get a key. uh Do you want to ask an agent to do that or do you
[05:11:17] Lauren: Yea, okay. I think it's a little easier to get a key. uh Do you want to ask an agent to do that or do you
[05:11:23] Roshan: Yeah, I'll do it.
[05:11:23] Roshan: Yea, I'll do it.
[05:11:23] Lauren: Okay, cool. I can I can also help with useful. um it also might be cool like should we try and build a places directory? Like we could look at various like place or location marketplaces and
[05:11:23] Lauren: Okay, cool. I can I can also help with useful. um it also might be cool like should we try and build a places directory? Like we could look at various like place or location marketplaces and
[05:11:36] Roshan: I mean like known locations that are good for pop-ups and have people Like we could eventually build a curated list of
[05:11:36] Roshan: I mean like known locations that are good for pop-ups and have people Like we could eventually build a curated list of
[05:11:41] Lauren: Well it was like a curated list of
[05:11:41] Lauren: Well it was like a curated list of
[05:11:43] Roshan: Yeah, right. Like places that we know are good and then once you host an event there you could rate it or something and we could build a little bit of like that later on.
[05:11:43] Roshan: Yea, right. Like places that we know are good and then once you host an event there you could rate it or something and we could build a little bit of like that later on.
[05:11:49] Lauren: Sure. Okay, I'm going to like try to pack this up to real fast and then Matt you can tell me if it's helpful or not.
[05:11:49] Lauren: Sure. Okay, I'm going to like try to pack this up to real fast and then Matt you can tell me if it's helpful or not.
[05:11:59] Roshan: All right so yeah in the meantime I'm just like finding some places that like maybe I'll start calling uh and we can just like see if we can maybe do it in the manual way.
[05:11:59] Roshan: All right so yeah in the meantime I am just like finding some places that like maybe I'll start calling uh and we can just like see if we can maybe do it in the manual way.
[05:12:05] Lauren: Yeah.
[05:12:05] Lauren: Yea.
[05:12:06] Lauren: uh and then I'll say how are we going to do off? um
[05:12:06] Lauren: uh and then I'll say how are we going to do off? um
[05:12:11] Lauren: I don't want to worry about that yet. um
[05:12:11] Lauren: I don't want to worry about that yet. um
[05:12:15] Lauren: But maybe we need to.
[05:12:15] Lauren: But maybe we need to.
[05:12:18] Lauren: um
[05:12:18] Lauren: um
[05:12:19] Roshan: I think we do need to lock this out.
[05:12:19] Roshan: I think we do need to lock this out.
[05:12:19] Lauren: cuz I I do want to lock this admin dashboard so it's just only accessible by Matt.
[05:12:19] Lauren: cuz I I do want to lock this admin dashboard so it's just only accessible by Matt.
[05:12:25] Roshan: Cool. Yeah, so what I'm doing is rather than going the software approach while we're working on that I'm actually taking the bot approach. um so what I'm working on is can I just like get a bot that goes and finds 20 businesses and then gets their emails and their phone numbers? And so I'll have those and then we can start reaching out to them manually. um these I think like finding a caterer that's maybe available for an event in a month that seems feasible to me. um finding a location might be
[05:12:25] Roshan: Cool. Yeah, so what I am doing is rather than going the software approach while we're working on that I am actually taking the bot approach. um so what I am working on is can I just like get a bot that goes and finds 20 businesses and then gets their emails and their phone numbers? And so I'll have those and then we can start reaching out to them manually. um these I think like finding a caterer that maybe available for an event in a month that seems feasible to me. um finding a location might be
[05:12:49] Roshan: a little bit harder. uh so we'll find a caterer we'll find a location and then um I'm also working on getting our email configured so then we can hook up uh some easy sign ups to
[05:12:49] Roshan: a little bit harder. uh so we'll find a caterer we'll find a location and then um I'm also working on getting our email configured so then we can hook up uh some easy sign ups to
[05:12:59] Roshan: our um website.
[05:12:59] Roshan: our um website.
[05:13:02] Roshan: I could just start like a WorkOS account or something if we wanted to do that.
[05:13:02] Roshan: I could just start like a WorkOS account or something if we wanted to do that.
[05:13:06] Lauren: I'm just going to sign in by our GitHub. Make it simple.
[05:13:06] Lauren: I'm just going to sign in by our GitHub. Make it simple.
[05:13:08] Roshan: That works. And only
[05:13:08] Roshan: That works. And only
[05:13:10] Lauren: Okay, yeah makes sense yeah. Do we need a Clerk account?
[05:13:10] Lauren: Although not everyone who's going to want a restaurant maybe has a GitHub account but maybe we could do sign in with Google. You want to build your own OAuth management I think.
[05:13:10] Lauren: Although not everyone who is going to want a restaurant maybe has a GitHub account but maybe we could do sign in with Google. You want to build your own OAuth management I think.
[05:13:14] Roshan: Maybe we can iterate No no no we're going to use something like Clerk or something.
[05:13:14] Roshan: Maybe we can iterate No no no we're going to use something like Clerk or something.
[05:13:18] Lauren: Okay, yeah makes sense yeah. Do we need a Clerk account?
[05:13:22] Roshan: uh I guess yeah we do. Is Is WorkOS easier?
[05:13:22] Roshan: uh I guess yeah we do. Is Is WorkOS easier?
[05:13:26] Lauren: uh Clerk Clerk works too I think either one. Yeah, just something like that's worth
[05:13:26] Lauren: uh Clerk Clerk works too I think either one. Yeah, just something like that's worth
[05:13:28] Roshan: Which one which one is just like cheaper? Looks like Clerk has a nice hobby here. And only this year of us should be able to actually
[05:13:28] Roshan: Which one which one is just like cheaper? Looks like Clerk has a nice hobby here. And only this year of us should be able to actually
[05:13:41] Lauren: And Clerk has an MCP that looks like it'll kind of take this very agent forward.
[05:13:41] Lauren: And Clerk has an MCP that looks like it'll kind of take this very agent forward.
[05:13:45] Roshan: Yeah.
[05:13:45] Roshan: Yeah.
[05:13:46] Lauren: I'll just start building on Clerk and then we can adjust that if we need to yeah.
[05:13:46] Lauren: I'll just start building on Clerk and then we can adjust that if we need to yeah.
[05:13:51] Roshan: I think Vercel also has this thing where you can do like very simple OAuth.
[05:13:51] Roshan: I think Vercel also has this thing where you can do like very simple OAuth.
[05:13:56] Lauren: Oh, really?
[05:13:56] Lauren: Oh, really?
[05:13:57] Roshan: uh actually let me just let me just
[05:13:57] Roshan: uh actually let me just let me just
[05:13:59] Lauren: Authentication and user provisioning. They do have this yeah.
[05:13:59] Lauren: Authentication and user provisioning. They do have this yeah.
[05:14:10] Roshan: Yeah, there's a SAML option. It'll allow team members to log in with an identity provider.
[05:14:10] Roshan: Yeah, there's a SAML option. It'll allow team members to log in with an identity provider.
[05:14:15] Lauren: uh yeah but then we we need like SSO. Yeah.
[05:14:15] Lauren: uh yeah but then we we need like SSO. Yeah.
[05:14:16] Roshan: Yeah, we can turn that on. Is that what we need? I think that is what we need, right?
[05:14:16] Roshan: Yeah, we can turn that on. Is that what we need? I think that is what we need, right?
[05:14:23] Lauren: Yeah, I'm just trying to keep it like super scrappy for now cuz I don't even know if this prototype is going to be any good.
[05:14:23] Lauren: Yeah, I'm just trying to keep it like super scrappy for now cuz I don't even know if this prototype is going to be any good.
[05:14:24] Roshan: That's team members yeah.
[05:14:24] Roshan: That team members yeah.
[05:14:28] Lauren: So I don't want to like overbuild it. um
[05:14:28] Lauren: So I don't want to like overbuild it. um
[05:14:33] Lauren: Let's see.
[05:14:33] Lauren: Let's see.
[05:14:39] Lauren: uh I mean since it's going to be just dumb off maybe we can just do it for
[05:14:39] Lauren: uh I mean since it going to be just dumb off maybe we can just do it for
[05:14:46] Lauren: Yeah, we can just use Vercel deployment protection I think for the
[05:14:46] Lauren: Yeah, we can just use Vercel deployment protection I think for the
[05:14:49] Lauren: uh the prototype.
[05:14:49] Lauren: uh the prototype.
[05:14:54] Lauren: um
[05:14:54] Lauren: um
[05:14:54] Roshan: Yeah.
[05:14:54] Roshan: Yeah.
[05:14:55] Lauren: Yeah, let's just do that.
[05:14:55] Lauren: Yeah, let's just do that.
[05:15:03] Roshan: Cool. While you guys are working on that I'm going to uh just see if we can create some interesting collateral here that we might want to share. So I'm going to spin up a bot that just looks for like maybe the most common 50 street corners in SF where we can go advertise this and maybe like talk to my design bot to make some flat some flyers so we can put up or something like that. Can do some gorilla marketing maybe see what we can come up with.
[05:15:03] Roshan: Cool. While you guys are working on that I'm going to uh just see if we can create some interesting collateral here that we might want to share. So I'm going to spin up a bot that just looks for like maybe the most common 50 street corners in SF where we can go advertise this and maybe like talk to my design bot to make some flat some flyers so we can put up or something like that. Can do some gorilla marketing maybe see what we can come up with.
[05:15:20] Lauren: There's Yeah. Let's do it Matt. On the meantime I'm still cooking on the landing page. So we're polishing that up uh a little bit. Lots of API key creation dang.
[05:15:20] Lauren: There's Yea. Let's do it Matt. On the meantime I'm still cooking on the landing page. So we're polishing that up uh a little bit. Lots of API key creation dang.
[05:15:46] Roshan: Yeah, that's the
[05:15:46] Roshan: Yea, that's the
[05:15:47] Lauren: environment setup. Yep.
[05:15:47] Lauren: environment setup. Yep.
[05:15:51] Roshan: I mean good good call out right? I think a lot of people are always like oh how do I automate this? um you know how do I like there's some things that are still kind of manual which is like you know you have to go create an API key and we're working on getting to the point where maybe that's not manual. um
[05:15:51] Roshan: I mean good good call out right? I think a lot of people are always like oh how do I automate this? um you know how do I like there's some things that are still kind of manual which is like you know you have to go create an API key and we working on getting to the point where maybe that not manual. um
[05:16:04] Roshan: But yeah there's a lot of lots a lot of work behind the scenes.
[05:16:04] Roshan: But yeah there's a lot of lots a lot of work behind the scenes.
[05:16:10] Lauren: Okay, in the parallel we have our verification PR PR up uh and I'm just going to actually read it for now and it looks good. Arch 12
[05:16:10] Lauren: Okay, in the parallel we have our verification PR PR up uh and I am just going to actually read it for now and it looks good. Arch 12
[05:16:27] Roshan: I can hear people shuffling in. We must be getting close to our our next session.
[05:16:27] Roshan: I can hear people shuffling in. We must be getting close to our our next session.
[05:16:31] Lauren: Oh.
[05:16:47] Lauren: uh give me Tater's status updates uh on Tater's progress with our uh Tater
[05:16:48] Lauren: uh give me Tater's status updates
[05:16:53] Lauren: uh on Tater's progress with our
[05:16:59] Lauren: uh Tater I feel like the your bots are posting a notion cuz it's helping it helping my bots like get context on the business. So Oh my gosh I should make sure
[05:16:59] Roshan: I feel like the your bots are posting a notion cuz it's helping it helping my bots like get context on the business. So
[05:17:05] Lauren: Oh my gosh I should make sure
[05:17:06] Lauren: I need just to see what's going on. Okay okay okay okay. uh maybe
[05:17:06] Roshan: Notion is our source of truth.
[05:17:06] Roshan: Notion is our source of truth.
[05:17:06] Roshan: Notion is our source of truth.
[05:17:06] Lauren: I need just to see what's going on. Okay okay okay okay. uh maybe
[05:17:10] Lauren: uh Oh, technical writer.
[05:17:10] Roshan: Why I just started a new bot and it was like we're going to go with October 15th, right? And I feel like notion will be
[05:17:10] Roshan: Why I just started a new bot and it was like we're going to go with October 15th, right? And I feel like notion will be
[05:17:13] Lauren: Okay, create a new bot. Okay, now I'm going to have my Dr. Eggbot. We're going to create a what do you call someone that just works on what do you call on like someone that would just work on documentation? Like who's who's documenting the process of
[05:17:13] Lauren: Okay, create a new bot. Okay, now I'm going to have my Dr. Eggbot. We're going to create a what do you call someone that just works on what do you call on like someone that would just work on documentation? Like who's who's documenting the process of
[05:17:23] Roshan: Oh, technical writer.
[05:17:23] Roshan: Oh, technical writer.
[05:17:25] Lauren: Okay, create a technical
[05:17:25] Lauren: Okay, create a technical
[05:17:26] Roshan: Or knowledge base or like something like that. Knowledge base person.
[05:17:26] Roshan: Or knowledge base or like something like that. Knowledge base person.
[05:17:26] Roshan: Or knowledge base or like something like that. Knowledge base person.
[05:17:29] Lauren: What what what what what would the bot do?
[05:17:29] Lauren: What what what what what would the bot do?
[05:17:29] Lauren: What what what what what would the bot do?
[05:17:31] Roshan: It's going to groom notion for us and just keep track of what we're working on.
[05:17:31] Roshan: It's going to groom notion for us and just keep track of what we're working on.
[05:17:31] Roshan: It's going to groom notion for us and just keep track of what we're working on.
[05:17:37] Roshan: uh created knowledge base manager then the the job of this bot is to watch all the other conversations with my bots um but not do anything unless specifically called on on actually you should wait for messages to come to you the knowledge base manager and then we want to update notion selectively. We don't want to dump all the information in there so check with me first and I'll use it with you to keep notion up to date.
[05:17:37] Roshan: uh created knowledge base manager then the the job of this bot is to watch all the other conversations with my bots um but not do anything unless specifically called on on actually you should wait for messages to come to you the knowledge base manager and then we want to update notion selectively. We don't want to dump all the information in there so check with me first and I'll use it with you to keep notion up to date.
[05:17:37] Roshan: uh created knowledge base manager then the the job of this bot is to watch all the other conversations with my bots um but not do anything unless specifically called on on actually you should wait for messages to come to you the knowledge base manager and then we want to update notion selectively. We don't want to dump all the information in there so check with me first and I'll use it with you to keep notion up to date.
[05:17:58] Roshan: Okay, cool. So my my knowledge base manager is going to is going to keep notion up to date.
[05:17:58] Roshan: Okay, cool. So my my knowledge base manager is going to is going to keep notion up to date.
[05:17:58] Roshan: Okay, cool. So my my knowledge base manager is going to is going to keep notion up to date.
[05:18:05] Lauren: Cool.
[05:18:05] Lauren: Cool.
[05:18:05] Lauren: Cool.
[05:18:05] Roshan: I'm going to work with Pixel. Do we have a design system we've established yet?
[05:18:05] Roshan: I'm going to work with Pixel. Do we have a design system we've established yet?
[05:18:05] Roshan: I'm going to work with Pixel. Do we have a design system we've established yet?
[05:18:11] Lauren: No, but I'm working on uh I'm working on getting something live. It's hella minimalist. So
[05:18:11] Lauren: No, but I'm working on uh I'm working on getting something live. It's hella minimalist. So
[05:18:11] Lauren: No, but I'm working on uh I'm working on getting something live. It is hella minimalist. So
[05:18:15] Roshan: Oh, I kind of like that.
[05:18:15] Roshan: Oh, I kind of like that.
[05:18:15] Roshan: Oh, I kind of like that.
[05:18:16] Lauren: It's it's it's it's like nothing. If you go to um oh it's not deployed yet. I'll slack you um Lauren
[05:18:16] Lauren: It it's it's it's like nothing. If you go to um oh it's not deployed yet. I'll slack you um Lauren
[05:18:16] Lauren: It it's it's it's like nothing. If you go to um oh it's not deployed yet. I'll slack you um Lauren
[05:18:21] Roshan: Maybe just a screenshot or something.
[05:18:21] Roshan: Maybe just a screenshot or something.
[05:18:21] Roshan: Maybe just a screenshot or something.
[05:18:22] Lauren: Yeah. I mean there's a bunch of really good component libraries we can just use and and
[05:18:22] Lauren: Yeah. I mean there's a bunch of really good component libraries we can just use and and
[05:18:22] Lauren: Yeah. I mean there's a bunch of really good component libraries we can just use and and
[05:18:25] Roshan: Sweet. It'd be cool like if we had a design system cuz that way like I was trying to make some flyers. It would be nice if we could uh yeah I mean yeah.
[05:18:25] Roshan: Sweet. It'd be cool like if we had a design system cuz that way like I was trying to make some flyers. It would be nice if we could uh yeah I mean yeah.
[05:18:32] Lauren: Okay. So
[05:18:32] Lauren: Okay. So
[05:18:33] Roshan: So get the landing page done.
[05:18:33] Roshan: So get the landing page done.
[05:18:34] Lauren: Yeah, so we're collecting emails which is good. um
[05:18:34] Lauren: Yeah, so we're collecting emails which is good. um
[05:18:38] Lauren: and then uh basically we need to start canvassing
[05:18:38] Lauren: and then uh basically we need to start canvassing
[05:30:01] Lauren: Uh it's fine. We can refactor. Uh important thing is to keep moving and to iterate. So let's just get it get it up and running first.
[05:30:10] Matt Palmer: Agree.
[05:30:13] Roshan: Where do we think we're going to land by like 2:30? I think the next talk is at 2:30.
[05:30:16] Matt Palmer: This is a good good good call out. Um yeah I think we're just kind of sprinting through some of these um
[05:30:22] Matt Palmer: uh some of these kind of tasks. It's mostly for me connecting things. I'm still getting a little set up um and then we're going to iterate on the design and I think I might try like a manual maybe by this talk a manual like hey I'm going to call some people while we're off camera and just see like how hard it is to book some of these things. That might be in That also might inform what we need to automate a little bit.
[05:30:34] Lauren: Nice. Yeah. Well I I already have my prototyping built so maybe you can try that later.
[05:30:43] Matt Palmer: So Oh heck yeah.
[05:30:45] Lauren: And we can see and we can iterate if it's not good and you can tell me what to fix.
[05:30:47] Matt Palmer: So you Cool. And I'm going to try and get at least like a bare the bones of a marketing plan and like a guerrilla marketing campaign set up and some flyers and designs and stuff too. So
[05:30:53] Lauren: Yeah. Cool. Well so we might have to You're saying we might have to hire some people to put up flyers?
[05:31:00] Matt Palmer: I think that sounds great. Just task rabbit to have an MTP.
[05:31:01] Roshan: Okay, cool. I I actually know some people so we might
[05:31:05] Matt Palmer: Oh great, even better. Does not have an MTP.
[05:31:09] Lauren: How do we want to think about the the limited edition thing that we show in addition to the
[05:31:13] Matt Palmer: Oh and the experiential parts of the uh Yeah I can work on that too and coming up with the experiential uh thing I I actually was working with a marketing bot. We have a marketing section in Notion now with like all the ideas we could consider so merch is another one of those, right?
[05:31:24] Lauren: Yeah, sounds good. Uh what else can I do to unblock um Can you talk me through like what you'll be thinking about when you're looking for venues? Like what's important to you?
[05:32:10] Matt Palmer: Yeah, so um you know when I run an event uh really what is an event but an event is like making people feel a certain way and so you want to think about all the things you can control into into that experience. So it's like okay I got to find uh venue that like um can accommodate our guests. So we'd start by thinking how many guests do we want to have?
[05:32:27] Lauren: Okay.
[05:32:27] Matt Palmer: I think 100 maybe. Just sounds like a good spot to start. It's like okay can we have a It's also like a nice round number. Can we get 100 people together in San Francisco? Um and the space should both accommodate those people and then also kind of uh allow us to control the environment and the experience and so
[05:32:42] Lauren: Mhm. That's a good point, yeah.
[05:32:44] Matt Palmer: I know places like we should start maybe with human knowledge like in my neighborhood the Pearl really great spot for hosting events. Um I live in like Potrero Hill Dogpatch area. Uh Dogpatch Studios is also a really great event space and so what I would do is I would like pattern match like I've walked around these places in my neighborhood. Can I find places that look similar to these venues? Um and what I noticed is that some of my bots even kind of recommended hey you should look at these venues.
[05:33:07] Matt Palmer: So based on that I might be able to kind of like bootstrap a skill or some sort of like uh some sort of context that my bots can start to use.
[05:33:12] Lauren: Yeah. Okay, that that helps.
[05:33:17] Matt Palmer: Is that yeah? Cool. A lot a lot of context.
[05:33:18] Lauren: Um I guess budget's also important.
[05:33:21] Matt Palmer: Budget isn't a part We haven't talked about that.
[05:33:22] Lauren: I I guess we won't know until we make the call, right?
[05:33:25] Matt Palmer: We do not know. Maybe I can do some market research on this too and just get a feel for like the cost.
[05:33:26] Lauren: Unless yeah. Yeah. Cool. I mean I'm putting all this stuff in Notion so I have like my host finder dumping um all the research in Notion and I'm also looking at permits.
[05:33:33] Matt Palmer: Awesome.
[05:33:38] Matt Palmer: Oh nice. Oh great. Okay. And so permitting uh
[05:33:41] Matt Palmer: it seems like the hardest part would be getting some street closures. Um and if we want to sell alcohol which I mean I didn't say it was that much of a party but maybe it's not. Uh it sounds like um we might be looking like several weeks to a month in advance so I think a month out is potentially tight but I think we could be we could do it so maybe like as we start to evaluate dates we think okay do we push this 6 weeks out, right? Um so we have time for some of these uh some of these um permits
[05:34:09] Matt Palmer: cuz even like I'm looking up here is like Fort Mason another really great venue to host events. The initial review takes 4 to 15 business days and it can stretch into weeks so like I mean that's like a public
[05:34:17] Lauren: Oh wow. Okay.
[05:34:20] Matt Palmer: Fort Mason is owned by the the Park Service.
[05:34:22] Lauren: Right.
[05:34:22] Matt Palmer: Um but that's like a good like bar on the
[05:34:25] Lauren: Something just occurred to me
[05:34:26] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[05:34:27] Lauren: which like kind of an off thing but I guess now I am actually thinking about the Notion use case that's actually useful. You have your writer bot cuz I'm thinking like there's so much context that we we're sharing right now and it's kind of just going over our voices.
[05:34:36] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Mhm.
[05:34:41] Lauren: Um
[05:34:43] Matt Palmer: Should we be recording this? Is that what you're saying?
[05:34:45] Lauren: Yeah, I don't know like I I would love for it to just go into our company Notion and so that
[05:34:49] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[05:34:50] Lauren: I can just point my bots to them and just say here's all the things you know that
[05:34:54] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[05:34:55] Lauren: Matt's already looked at.
[05:34:56] Matt Palmer: Okay. It's like it's like Yeah there's a brainstorming meeting and then you kind of figure out all the
[05:34:57] Lauren: Um because because that is really good input for engineering too. Uh so I can you know rather than me just interrupting you all the time if we have that
[05:35:01] Matt Palmer: Right. Okay, cool.
[05:35:07] Lauren: documented somewhere.
[05:35:08] Matt Palmer: Okay, what I'll do is I'm going to tell my knowledge base manager uh every uh 5 minutes um ping the active bots uh extract
[05:35:17] Lauren: Yeah, dump all the knowledge.
[05:35:18] Matt Palmer: the most important
[05:35:21] Matt Palmer: details and drop it in Notion. Um so I'm setting up a job uh and I think the the struggle here is going to be make sure making sure we don't get a ton of like spam in Notion uh but we'll try and keep it uh
[05:35:23] Lauren: Uh Yeah, it's like treat it like a git log almost.
[05:35:36] Matt Palmer: Okay, cool. And I'm going to talk to the host finder and I'll say what I just said. So I think the most important thing with finding a venue is to start from what we know, try to pattern match on high quality and then work backwards. So for example I know that the Pearl is an awesome place. I know that um Dogpatch Studios is awesome uh and you've recommended those. Um and I would avoid uh government run or NPS facilities because we're going to need like a month. Um so maybe start from things similar
[05:36:02] Matt Palmer: to the Pearl or Dogpatch Studios based on what I know from my neighborhood and then we can try to find venues with uh caterer or venue that has an alcohol license because what I see my agent's recommending me right now is we can't get the alcohol license. We should push the caterer or the vendor to do that and then we don't have to worry about it. Um and then based on some of these other considerations maybe we can also start to to thin out basically all the logistics that we need to work through
[05:36:26] Matt Palmer: and focus.
[05:36:28] Matt Palmer: Cool.
[05:36:37] Lauren: Okay, uh let's review the
[05:36:39] Matt Palmer: Okay Matt, we never got your what you wish you could bring to the event. What I wish I could bring to the event.
[05:36:46] Lauren: So we have experiential games, we have merch, we have to finish the trifecta. What's your answer?
[05:36:51] Matt Palmer: I mean we got to have just good food like I mean that's that's like I'm working on the restaurant limited like limited edition food.
[05:36:55] Lauren: Limited edition food. Oh yeah so yeah. I mean it is limited edition cuz it only happens once so right? I think the menu is is really important, right? So like maybe we have a Grok Bot that can I want to leave the creative freedom up to the restaurant tour um but uh
[05:37:11] Lauren: maybe we can design some cocktails or design some fun menu elements or something that uh that they can they can build in so we can work on the menu.
[05:37:15] Matt Palmer: Oh yeah. Cool. I just recorded that in front of a bot.
[05:37:22] Lauren: Being recorded. I love it.
[05:37:35] Matt Palmer: Um let's spin up a menu bot.
[05:37:47] Lauren: Come on, where's the video?
[05:38:05] Lauren: I was trying to set this page up.
[05:38:27] Lauren: I might actually run with that menu idea a little bit. Um I might since I'm since I'm apparently the geo scraper guy I'm First you do street corners. I think I'm now going to like just ping a bunch of um like go search for a bunch of menu concepts and see what we can do.
[05:38:39] Matt Palmer: I did.
[05:38:45] Lauren: All right, Q. So I can just keep track of what I'm doing. Do a video.
[05:39:08] Matt Palmer: Cool. So I 'm asking a bot to kind of go through the internet like go through Yelp and a few other spots to look for top rated items from other restaurants and so I think might give us some inspiration here.
[05:39:22] Lauren: Are we also set on the the restaurant as the concept? Could it be
[05:39:27] Matt Palmer: I think we're It seems like we're almost going generic pop up at this point, right?
[05:39:27] Lauren: It seems like we're almost going generic pop up at this point, right? Pop up experience.
[05:39:31] Matt Palmer: Cuz I guess one complication if the restaurant is like you need to have a chef. You have so much staff.
[05:39:35] Lauren: Yeah. Or caterer caterer. I think a catering company would handle that but that is more complex complicated to your point.
[05:39:37] Matt Palmer: Uh Yeah.
[05:39:42] Lauren: But if you're thinking like I mean if we do like
[05:39:44] Matt Palmer: Could be like art exhibition. I don't know it could be
[05:39:47] Lauren: Uh art exhibition sounds interesting but
[05:39:49] Matt Palmer: Because yeah we could crowd source
[05:39:50] Lauren: Um art exhibition art or something.
[05:39:51] Matt Palmer: art art That's actually kind of cool. Art exhibition might be Uh and we sell like We could sell more than 100 tickets probably.
[05:39:54] Lauren: Yeah. We could get people to submit art and like build the software because like have our bots review the art.
[05:40:00] Matt Palmer: Yeah yeah. Maybe
[05:40:03] Lauren: Or like this or like this.
[05:40:05] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[05:40:06] Lauren: Cuz I'm just wondering like maybe the finding a restaurant is like kind of hard and it's like all the food stuff and maybe it's like a full weekend bot or something like that.
[05:40:11] Matt Palmer: There's a lot of food. Licensing Do we need licensing as well or like
[05:40:15] Lauren: We need licensing. That's what I was just discussing with the with the bot. So I'm actually fine I think pivoting Like well let's like try to lock it. If we're going to pivot on the idea like let's confirm like we're just going to like call it what it is. I think I like an art exhibition um and then we source local artists and then uh you know maybe there's a way that they can show off their art but then you know we have to think about the the difference with a restaurant tour is like we just pay
[05:40:27] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah.
[05:40:37] Lauren: the restaurant tour and then we collect money from people.
[05:40:39] Lauren: Now we're like paying dozens of artists to uh do a gallery or some sort.
[05:40:44] Matt Palmer: Well maybe maybe instead of paying them we're sort of like creating an exhibition space and then we're also doing some community art submissions where folks can submit art that they've created.
[05:40:52] Lauren: Oh what I would really love to see is like uh I mean since we are doing Grok Bot stuff like a lot of people really love the Grok Bot um avatars, the shapes and all they're really fun.
[05:41:02] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[05:41:04] Lauren: We could have artists that make art about you know like paintings or something about about Grok Bot
[05:41:10] Matt Palmer: Okay. Yeah, okay.
[05:41:11] Lauren: um and feature them and
[05:41:13] Matt Palmer: Yeah. And then we could even make like an interactive like on the website like an interactive Yeah exactly. Help them sell prints and yeah. And you can like explore the art gallery digitally and then like come and see it in person and actually see the real thing. That'd be interesting.
[05:41:16] Lauren: Yeah, that we can help them sell prints and sell and in person you know things like that. Yeah. I think that also sounds really interesting.
[05:41:26] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[05:41:26] Lauren: Cuz at least that removes the hurdle of like licensing. I feel like that's going to be by this like
[05:41:29] Matt Palmer: Yeah. I really like this.
[05:41:33] Lauren: Food and liquor license you know tricky to get.
[05:41:34] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Oh well so just to be to be clear like the we just find a caterer that has those things.
[05:41:38] Lauren: Yeah. I think all we'd really need is event insurance and then you just work with a with a venue and then you know we're we're good so I think we can figure that part out.
[05:41:40] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Cool. Or we could you know call one of our event friends and and get some advice.
[05:41:49] Lauren: Yep, absolutely could.
[05:41:51] Matt Palmer: Okay, I I am going to have to leave you guys now so it turns out the the next talk is one that I'm presenting here.
[05:41:53] Lauren: Oh Oh my goodness. Amazing. Awesome. Sounds great Thanks for Thanks for building with us and good luck dude. I know you've already done a lot of talking so
[05:41:57] Matt Palmer: Uh so I'm going to jump down and get prepped for Grok Bot for p.m. where we'll like walk through some of this stuff live but I feel like I like where this this idea session went.
[05:42:10] Matt Palmer: I'm excited for it.
[05:42:11] Lauren: Absolutely wrong.
[05:42:12] Matt Palmer: This It's kind of crazy how much stuff we're doing live in this space. There's like the stage downstairs, there's this space upstairs, uh there's like meetings back there that we keep hearing so yeah. It's a fun vibe. I like it.
[05:42:15] Lauren: Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah we're we're physically in a in San Francisco doing stuff and there are things happening and stuff.
[05:42:25] Matt Palmer: Yeah, all around us. All right men. Uh well you just take off when we need when we need to go.
[05:42:30] Lauren: Sounds good. I will see you guys very soon.
[05:42:35] Lauren: All right men, good luck.
[05:42:50] Lauren: So we can find venues for different types of pop ups. For now the only type you can search for
[05:43:01] Lauren: are I guess the nice thing about an art exhibition as well is like any space would do, right?
[05:43:05] Matt Palmer: Mhm. Uh it's uh
[05:43:06] Lauren: Well so like again those venues that I mentioned that I've seen in in real life like if you took a look like um they're very flexible and you actually kind of want more of like a warehouse space.
[05:43:10] Matt Palmer: Right right. Mixed use spaces I guess.
[05:43:17] Lauren: Um Yeah so really just a big open space I think.
[05:43:31] Matt Palmer: Okay so I'm just telling Steve about our change of plan.
[05:43:34] Lauren: Cool.
[05:43:35] Matt Palmer: Uh but I'm still going to work on the venue finder and then um get it over to you and you can give me feedback.
[05:43:40] Lauren: Sweet. Cool. Yeah and I'm just working on the Right now I'm working on the UI so I'll have like ship by Thursday will not look like a horrible neon mess a horrible AI slop mess.
[05:43:45] Matt Palmer: Okay.
[05:43:50] Matt Palmer: Uh we we will have some space like the AI employees really cracked engineers who are really good at design who will come and help us. I'm not too worried about that. Um uh as long as it's not like you know too rather do a terrible
[05:43:57] Lauren: Yeah yeah. Super easy. If it's in term we'll have something that looks uh looks Yeah.
[05:44:08] Matt Palmer: Okay, um
[05:44:12] Matt Palmer: we have some PRs up that I need to review.
[05:44:17] Matt Palmer: PRs are stacking up.
[05:44:31] Matt Palmer: Okay nice. Our verification skill is a bit more generic now.
[05:44:36] Matt Palmer: Uh
[05:44:40] Matt Palmer: So that's PR 16.
[05:44:44] Matt Palmer: Uh
[05:44:45] Matt Palmer: if PR 16 has been
[05:44:52] Matt Palmer: at least once
[05:44:54] Matt Palmer: we can merge it.
[05:45:00] Matt Palmer: And then PR 14 I guess we're still waiting on the videos.
[05:45:09] Matt Palmer: What is PR 13?
[05:45:14] Lauren: Oh we already have 13 PRs? Look at that.
[05:45:15] Matt Palmer: We have so many PRs.
[05:45:17] Lauren: Where are these coming from?
[05:45:21] Matt Palmer: Uh oh these Oh okay I see. There's a There's a bunch of different prototypes that it's opening.
[05:45:26] Lauren: I have them not
[05:45:26] Matt Palmer: I forgot I asked it to make some prototypes.
[05:45:28] Lauren: Oh okay.
[05:45:29] Matt Palmer: So it's going to open a bunch of PRs.
[05:45:30] Lauren: I have a knowledge base bot that's like updating our Slack and like putting in all these different things.
[05:45:34] Matt Palmer: Oh really? Does it say anything? Oh we got a marketing channel.
[05:45:40] Lauren: Oh my gosh.
[05:45:45] Lauren: That's a top 50 flyer corners. Um we're changing uh to consider doing an art pop up rather than um some sort of dining experience.
[05:46:03] Lauren: We 're changing to have an art pop up rather than some sort of dining experience. Um I do like some of the uh the top ones there but really I think we should uh sort of optimize now for just a large warehouse space.
[05:46:17] Lauren: And I think actually partly part of what I 'm doing the research could be good for your tool because if your tool tells me the same things that I'm already like coming to myself that's how we can know that it's working.
[05:46:24] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah.
[05:46:34] Matt Palmer: Yeah I probably wonder if if like the tool could just be
[05:46:39] Matt Palmer: a search like like maybe I don't know if we really need to
[05:46:43] Matt Palmer: to build that. I think um
[05:46:47] Matt Palmer: the search part we don't really need to reinvent the wheel there. Uh we can just use like
[05:46:52] Matt Palmer: Google Map APIs for that.
[05:46:54] Lauren: Yep.
[05:46:56] Matt Palmer: But we can add like layers on top to find filter more by more specific criteria like the venue size and all that. That's probably not available on Google Maps.
[05:47:02] Lauren: Okay. Mhm.
[05:47:06] Matt Palmer: Um
[05:47:08] Matt Palmer: which also means we might need to actually collect information. For one thing actually will be interesting as you make your calls is like if there's a way to
[05:47:17] Matt Palmer: do some data entry after once you get the details
[05:47:18] Lauren: Mhm. Like CRM type situation?
[05:47:21] Matt Palmer: Kind of like So like we have future like the the venue finder gets smarter as you use it cuz we will have information about venue and
[05:47:29] Lauren: And I don't know people to call.
[05:47:32] Matt Palmer: Yeah. I might have to take that down manually. Have to check on call
[05:47:35] Lauren: Yeah yeah take that down manually for now and then I'll try and see if we can kind of hook hook that up.
[05:47:43] Matt Palmer: Okay cool. The docs are up. I'm updating docs. It's my my uh
[05:47:47] Lauren: Your job now.
[05:47:47] Matt Palmer: My job now is updating docs. Uh who knew we it all ends uh with docs.
[05:47:53] Lauren: So my factory mini factory is going at least I got my engineer bot working and my verifier bot very busy reviewing PRs. Um they're missing videos and screenshots which I want so I can actually see what they built.
[05:48:09] Lauren: Um so we're going to have Steve drive this to completion.
[05:48:22] Matt Palmer: Sweet. Still reading on I think recent is uh We have email technically so we're going to be able to send like email from like hello at shipbythursday when you sign up uh on the wait list at least like some sort of confirmation email and then the everything will still get routed into your database so that'll be nice.
[05:48:38] Matt Palmer: Just updating some of the copy. We can merge that in soon.
[05:49:35] Matt Palmer: So it looks like we have about 3 4 minutes left.
[05:49:38] Lauren: Oh good call yeah.
[05:49:39] Matt Palmer: Um we probably want to give a shout out for the Grok Bot challenge again.
[05:49:45] Lauren: Yeah, totally.
[05:49:46] Matt Palmer: Just be transition to the uh next talk.
[05:49:50] Lauren: Do you want to give a shout out for the Grok Bot challenge?
[05:49:53] Matt Palmer: Uh sure if I remember
[05:49:55] Lauren: The Grok Bot Galaxy challenge.
[05:49:57] Matt Palmer: Is that on the big the big PR there?
[05:49:58] Lauren: I mean no but I remember what the Grok Bot Galaxy live stream challenge The Grok Bot Galaxy live stream challenge
[05:50:00] Matt Palmer: Maybe maybe you should cuz that'll probably help Probably help say it wrongly.
[05:50:04] Matt Palmer: The live stream challenge which is that if you can uh uh you can you pull actually up the challenge on x.com please? Um if you pull that up so our our folks can see and probably go to the bot page uh
[05:50:09] Lauren: Oh yeah sure. Yeah. On bot
[05:50:15] Matt Palmer: might have some details on there. Um Oh my gosh seeing tweets about us. Yeah we scroll down not on the live stream cuz I'll get like heck yeah.
[05:50:24] Lauren: Oh no we're going to No I think it's on Grok It's on Grok yeah.
[05:50:26] Matt Palmer: It's on it's actually on Grok yeah at Grok. So live stream challenge submit templates for Grok Bot um and we're going to get you and the winner out there uh the winner and a partner out to Starbase Texas um to see a Starship launch. So you and a plus one most creative template uh see some rockets. It's a pretty cool video. Our team uh makes some pretty cool videos. Um and
[05:50:34] Lauren: Okay. Mhm.
[05:50:50] Matt Palmer: yeah we're going to announce the winner soon in roughly 2 and 1/2 minutes. We got Grok Bot for product managers with someone who's just sitting right next to me Russian.
[05:51:00] Lauren: I don't know how he's doing it like building a business and doing a talk.
[05:51:01] Matt Palmer: Oh wow yeah. I have no idea. These are high achiever. You can tell that um was it he grew up playing uh he said was it Age of Empires?
[05:51:09] Lauren: Yeah he just
[05:51:10] Matt Palmer: He's just He's just crushing it.
[05:51:11] Lauren: Multitasking.
[05:51:13] Matt Palmer: Yeah so um Well yeah we got 2 minutes and we're going to head over there. We're just going to keep hacking. I think Lauren and I got a a good approach in the meantime.
[05:51:21] Lauren: Yeah.
[05:51:23] Lauren: Uh
[05:51:25] Lauren: reviews going in.
[05:51:52] Lauren: See what my agents are doing.
[05:51:55] Lauren: We have a lot of PRs and agents.
[05:52:01] Lauren: Let me group by status and let's see.
[05:52:14] Lauren: Oh we have a
[05:52:17] Lauren: That's not good.
[05:52:28] Lauren: These are all stuck.
[05:52:31] Lauren: No I think they're still working.
[05:52:57] Lauren: So I want to start thinking ahead
[05:53:01] Lauren: brainstorming.
[05:53:18] Lauren: Thinking we need
[05:53:20] Lauren: some concept of a
[05:53:23] Matt Palmer: Cool cool.
[05:53:24] Lauren: logic. Where is Uh users can
[05:53:45] Matt Palmer: Yeah, it's been fun.
[05:53:57] Kevin DeParco: Are we on?
[05:53:58] Roshan: Get going.
[05:53:59] Kevin DeParco: Okay, let's do it. Hello everybody. Welcome to Grok Bot for product managers or PMs. Uh very excited to see you all. We got many on the live stream as well. I'm Kevin DeParco from the xAI product team joined by
[05:54:16] Roshan: And I'm Roshan Sajnani also on the xAI product team. Really excited to be chatting with y'all today.
[05:54:22] Kevin DeParco: Cool. We are going to be going through how we have been building Grok Bot with Grok Bot some of the tips, the tools uh the bots that we have found very useful uh across our product org. And so uh I wanted to start sort of with the backdrop which I think everybody in this room on the stream knows if you have been building software, if you're a PM obviously the craft is changing very rapidly. Uh it becomes now very easy to code, to build things, to prototype uh way more accessible than it ever has been
[05:54:55] Kevin DeParco: before and I like this quote from DHH uh the developer's developer one of the creators of Ruby on Rails uh who says software is product management. What should it do? Who should it do it for? How should it do it? Uh how should it look? What are the priorities? These are questions that now every product builder whether you're formerly engineer or designer or founder or product manager really has to grapple with as you start to build software for your customers, for your users.
[05:55:27] Kevin DeParco: Yeah so with that we thought we'd spend just a second talking about the motivation behind Grok Bot cuz in some ways Grok Bot is it's a product we've also made and so there's a story to it having been built just the same way there's a story to every product having been built. And um I think if we think back to sort of what motivated Grok Bot in the early early days it was realizing that you know at least internally within xAI there are so many folks who were starting to evolve beyond a chat box
[05:55:55] Kevin DeParco: and I think there's been a lot of discourse about this. Maybe some of you all have felt this or read about it as well. Um but really it started to feel increasingly that agents weren't quite as home in a chat box as you we might have wanted them to be. I think a lot of this was just a natural evolution of how we started interacting with these large language models and sort of you know going from asking for a response and maybe waiting for some text to asking agents to drive outcomes and so obviously
[05:56:21] Kevin DeParco: we saw a lot of this outcome based agentic development happen when it comes to things like coding agents but you know as more and more of us internally started thinking about that beyond coding it felt like the chat box was a little bit limiting and so we started exploring you know all kinds of ways that we might want to chat and work with agents and have them complete tasks and have access to systems that really go beyond the chat box and you know the most common thing that kept coming up in all
[05:56:47] Kevin DeParco: of these conversations was that we kept you know sort of treating our agents as if they were colleagues. We wanted to be able to interact with them as if they were sort of these smart colleagues that sat next to us at our desks or were messageable in Slack or had access to Linear to look at tickets or you know wrote PRDs with us in Notion or whatever it is and so a lot of the motivation behind how Grok Bot was evolved and kind of why it is the way it is today uh is grounded in this idea that you
[05:57:15] Kevin DeParco: know we should really have these agentic colleagues that we can work with on all the great things we do when we build products and so that was really the motivation. So really I think there's four things that we kind of took as the brief based on that colleague definition. Uh the first one is that colleagues when you work with them often together often time multiple tools together. They don't live in one system. Uh they work across many systems and those systems do different things, right? So you
[05:57:40] Kevin DeParco: might have a ticketing system like I mentioned Linear or Jira or something like it. You might be using uh you know CRM or a CRM plus plus you know something like Salesforce or more. You might be keeping documents in Notion, designs in Figma and all these tools are really really great at what they do but often times your colleagues or you know yourselves are tying things together across them.
[05:58:01] Kevin DeParco: Um the other things here are that these colleagues often have long running context. They learn and they don't just you know you know work on a task, eject the task and then move on. The best colleagues you work with, the best teammates you work with they learn as they learn on the job, right? Maybe they start out with very little company context. You teach them some tasks or teach them how to get some work done. They kind of do some work. You give them some feedback, right? That wasn't that great.
[05:58:26] Kevin DeParco: They hopefully take the feedback and then get better at their jobs. We think that model generalizes to agents too where agents can really you know the way that the models have evolved get good at learning at sort of building memory for themselves at realizing what's important and at taking and incorporating that kind of feedback.
[05:58:43] Kevin DeParco: The third thing and I think this is a really big one is independence and I think for a lot of Whoops we lost the slides. Let's go fix that. There we go. Um for a lot of you know the people we work with they go execute things independently, right? Once in a while maybe you'll get asked for hey I need some help on blocking a task or you know maybe you someone gets stuck on you know stuck with access to a system or something like this. Um but really the the defining property of a colleague that you
[05:59:09] Kevin DeParco: work with one of the defining properties is that they can work on their own, they can complete tasks on their own and they have their own access and so this is really what motivated the need for Grok Bot to have its own computer and so we decided Grok Bot you know should have its own computer that I can do things in and this is true and this is how the product works today. so if you you know go in and use Grok Bot Grok Bot has its own computer. You can kind of help it when it gets stuck on that computer
[05:59:31] Kevin DeParco: but it has its own surface where it can create the output that you need to to get assisted in your work.
[05:59:37] Kevin DeParco: And then the last and final thing I'll call out here is messaging. So earlier I mentioned that you know it felt like we hadn't you know we wanted to move beyond the the chat box a little bit but but I meant that a little bit tongue in cheek, you know the the sort of chat box that defines how you interact with a large language model. We think that that core premise makes still a lot of a lot of sense. But where it started to feel a little bit constrained is that usually when you're chatting with
[05:59:59] Kevin DeParco: a colleague
[06:00:00] Kevin DeParco: rapid-fire message. If you're like me in Slack, or maybe like us in Slack, you're constantly streaming out messages, you're switching between threads, you're multitasking, and we found that it, you know, rather than having to
[06:00:02] Roshan: I love those four things, and it's not just like any colleague, it's like really trying to encode the best colleagues that you have worked with.
[06:00:09] Kevin DeParco: wait
[06:00:22] Kevin DeParco: as we kind of built this product and played with it internally that,
[06:00:24] Kevin DeParco: you know, define how colleagues work.
[06:00:33] Kevin DeParco: Yep.
[06:00:33] Roshan: They have
[06:00:34] Roshan: a ton of contacts about the organization,
[06:00:37] Roshan: they understand and can learn on the job,
[06:00:40] Roshan: they can move independently,
[06:00:41] Roshan: make their own decisions, they're not constantly i waiting for you.
[06:00:45] Roshan: And so yeah, I think this is like the high level of of how we think about what Grok Bot
[06:00:49] Roshan: is. It's an agent with a computer
[06:00:51] Roshan: at the end of the day,
[06:00:52] Roshan: and it feels like texting a colleague.
[06:00:55] Kevin DeParco: Exactly.
[06:00:56] Kevin DeParco: Yeah.
[06:00:57] Kevin DeParco: And I think there's two things here that if you want to sort of take away with you as to what Grok Bot can do is it's
[06:01:02] Kevin DeParco: it's these two things on the slide here. It's that
[06:01:04] Kevin DeParco: we want these Grok Bots to be AI teammates that you can give real work to and that come back with results.
[06:01:09] Kevin DeParco: They don't come back with text or they don't come back with sort of
[06:01:11] Kevin DeParco: questions, they come back with results. And then
[06:01:12] Kevin DeParco: I think the last thing here is that they really finish jobs. We
[06:01:15] Kevin DeParco: we think that really
[06:01:16] Kevin DeParco: being you know, being able to get the job done
[06:01:18] Kevin DeParco: is a much more productive way to interact with agents
[06:01:21] Kevin DeParco: and come back when they need approval.
[06:01:22] Kevin DeParco: So
[06:01:22] Kevin DeParco: yeah, I'm curious,
[06:01:23] Kevin DeParco: how do we use these with products?
[06:01:24] Roshan: Absolutely.
[06:01:25] Roshan: So we are actually going to see
[06:01:27] Roshan: Grok Bot in the wild,
[06:01:28] Roshan: a real
[06:01:29] Roshan: demo of some of the agents that we have built, the colleagues that we work with in Grok Bot. I think there are really sort of three use cases that we are going to see here. The first is what we call the attention list. And so as PMs, we are constantly pulled in a bunch of different directions. Maybe you're working across a bunch of different projects or there's a bunch of contexts everywhere, and it is very helpful to think about what are you currently paying attention to? What have you been paying
[06:01:56] Roshan: attention to this morning, this week, this month? And then really dip that against your priority list and help you understand how the ways in which you're spending your time and where your focus is relative to what needs to get done across the team.
[06:02:11] Roshan: And we're going to talk about how Grok Bot can help you do that as this helpful assistant, this colleague that's always on your shoulder, being able to learn about the ways in which you're working. The next is research and building up customer contacts. Obviously, this is where a lot of product work goes into doing the research, figuring out what users and customers actually need and want and love, what the biggest bottlenecks are, what issues are they running into, how can you better serve them?
[06:02:41] Roshan: And so being able to gather up all that contacts, learn from your users, be able to synthesize data in new ways, Grok Bot is actually really phenomenal for it. And we're going to talk about some of the data science and analytics and product use cases that we turn to Grok Bot for. And then of course, shipping. You cannot be a product manager in 2026 if you are not focused on delivering software products to your customers. And so really thinking about how Grok Bot can not only accelerate you as a PM,
[06:03:13] Roshan: but also the entire team.
[06:03:15] Kevin DeParco: Yeah. There's a stat on the slide here. Grok Bot represents for us internally a double digit percentage of merged PRs. And I think that's a pretty wild stat. It also within the product organization empowers all of us as product people to be able to ship PRs into production as well. And so you just really get a bunch of superpowers when you can set up the in the right way. So
[06:03:35] Roshan: Very cool. So let us with that meet the Grok Bot team that we will be working with today. Some familiar faces and names that we can all all learn. So first is Cora, chief of staff. You can think of this as sort of the person that you turn to, have access to your email, has access to your calendar, maybe listened on Slack for some of the messages that you're sending, and really builds up a model of how you as a PM actually work.
[06:04:08] Roshan: Next is Emily. Emily is an engineering manager.
[06:04:13] Roshan: You know, Emily has been coached not to actually do the coding, but just to manage a team of engineers that we have given Emily. And so Emily has five different engineering colleagues in Grok Bot that she manages. It's very helpful to have Emily as sort of this one contact across the engineering team to be able to give larger chunks of work, have Emily then deconstruct that and delegate that work, actually run the verification loops for the outputs of some of the engineering agents. We'll have Ashley,
[06:04:49] Roshan: the go-to for data science, for analytics, for being able to ask and answer data questions. I think as a PM oftentimes throughout the day, there is like a random conversation that sparks an idea that would have previously required you to go write a bunch of SQL and figure out where the trusted data sources are. And very helpful to have somebody that you can just quickly message and get an answer, a chart, a synthesis of the underlying data set that will help inform some of your decisions throughout
[06:05:20] Roshan: the day.
[06:05:21] Roshan: We also have PM Pete. PM Pete is a trusted sidekick for the product team, being able to draft up some product requirement docs, synthesize some of the customer and user insights, and be able to run some of the lower level product work day to day.
[06:05:41] Roshan: You want to talk about Pixel?
[06:05:42] Kevin DeParco: Yeah, Pixel's one of my favorites. Pixel is a designer and so has been trained on some of the best advice for how to be a world class AI designer. It turns out that there are ways to make AI design look really good if you instruct your agents and bots in the right way. And so Pixel's been loaded with a ton of context and how to be an S-tier designer from some of the best and latest thinking on the internet.
[06:06:06] Roshan: Amazing. And finally, we have Ray, who is a recruiter. So anybody who's in product leadership or building out the product function or building out your company,
[06:06:16] Roshan: very helpful to have a colleague that you can turn to on the people and recruiting side of the house to help with some of the sourcing and managing some of the hiring pipeline. And so these are some of the very helpful Grok Bot colleagues that we have defined, but it is totally up to you exactly what your team is going to look like. And so throughout the course of this demo, use this as inspiration, use this for ideas. But at the end of the day, you can construct your team, figure out who is most
[06:06:46] Roshan: helpful, what are the sets of roles that will be most accelerative for you and your product team.
[06:06:52] Kevin DeParco: Yeah, definitely. And I think to that point, you know, what we've seen a lot of folks do is they create many agents. And so I wanted to spend a minute just talking about why we think that's effective. One is that I think, you know, while agents might have massive context windows that can store entire novels, our brains or at least my brain can't. And so oftentimes we just want to know who to reference. And it feels like a really natural pattern to assign roles to these agents that correspond to
[06:07:15] Kevin DeParco: how you'd interact with colleagues as we've talked about. So having a person who's in charge of data, maybe they do the job of five data people or assist with five data types of tasks in your organization, can be really helpful for you invoking and working with those agents to know their role. And so I find this really helpful just to know, you know, which bot I want to talk to for a given task. And then sometimes their roles merge and that's okay. We'll show you this, but bots can also talk to
[06:07:40] Kevin DeParco: each other, which is really cool and that can kind of coordinate channels and stuff. So we'll we'll show that as an example too.
[06:07:46] Kevin DeParco: But the other reasons for having more than just one agent is that the bots do perform better because when they can scope their memory down a little bit more, just going back to the idea of continuous learning and evolution, kind of that learning loop we found functions a lot better when a bot is sort of typed or cast into a specific role. And then the final thing is I think it's a little more fun and a little easier to parallelize your work where you can kind of hand stuff off to a bunch of bots.
[06:08:12] Kevin DeParco: And so one pattern that we see is fun internally is folks who like fire off messages to six different bots. You'll see them all spinning and working and they kind of all go and do some work for you and you kind of come back and synthesize the results. So again, sort of mirroring how you might work, you know, with colleagues, let's say we're in a meeting together, we assign a bunch of action items, we go all all go off and do that work and then come back together and synthesize say a plan. The bots
[06:08:34] Kevin DeParco: can really mimic that behavior and I think it's also easier for us as humans to kind of know how we're steering them when they do that.
[06:08:40] Roshan: All right. Should we happen to the demo?
[06:08:42] Kevin DeParco: Let's do it. Okay.
[06:08:45] Kevin DeParco: I quick show of hands for those in the room. I know those in the stream won't see this. How many of you all have used or have Grok Bot installed?
[06:08:52] Kevin DeParco: 80% of the room. So for the 20% who have who have not seen it, I'm going to do like a very very very quick tour showing you what we just walked through. So this is Grok Bot. This is the interface. It's a bunch of bots on the left and you can see we can pin some bots at the top bots up at the top. We can group our bots into sections. And so we have a section here for leadership. We have a couple of pin bots. And then we have our engineering team that we just talked about down here, Einstein, Egor,
[06:09:16] Kevin DeParco: Nova, Larry, and Eileen. You can also hide bots or unassign them if you'd like. And then there's an entire marketplace where you can connect the tools that you use to these bots to give them those superpowers that we talked about earlier. So really the bots we found are incredibly effective when they have access to all the tools that they are working on. So in this case, we've set up a bunch of tools. We have Notion, Slack,
[06:09:36] Kevin DeParco: Figma, MCP, Gmail, and a few other things that are that are installed and that S-tier design skill that I talked about earlier is also stored here. So we have that as part of our setup too.
[06:09:43] Roshan: a first version of the mocks to actually go and implement. And then Emily and our engineering team are off now cooking it with our cloud agents.
[06:09:47] Kevin DeParco: These bots all function and work as a team. And so earlier I mentioned we had the way ways to group bots together. You can see some examples of that here. We have our in our edge pod here. So like you could imagine our engineering team doing a stand-up. That's really fun if you get the bots into a room and have them tell them to do a stand-up on a project. And we have our EPD teams or engineering product and design team for those of you who are in product organizations. Obviously, this is how a
[06:10:11] Kevin DeParco: lot of them function is with these three roles kind of acting as a as a triumvirate. And then you know, maybe we have a war room for example with a bunch of bots to triage an issue or handle an incident. And you really the sky's the limit here. These are just some some representative examples.
[06:10:24] Kevin DeParco: So yeah, that's our overall setup. And just to remind you, we have Cora, who's our chief of staff up here, PM Pete, who's our product assistant, and then Ashley, who's our data science assistant. And you can see we have some queries we were running the other day kind of looking at some of the funnels and you know, data funnels for our product. And maybe a good chance to explain what the product is. So everything you're seeing here is tied to a demo environment we have set up for a business called
[06:10:47] Kevin DeParco: Fly Low Airlines. It's an airline just like, you know, any other airline might be. And so yeah, we'll be talking about the airline business today.
[06:10:53] Roshan: Very good. So everybody in this room on the live stream, you are all now PMs at Fly Low, this amazing airline. And why don't we jump into maybe a few questions that we might have about the business?
[06:11:08] Roshan: And so we can turn to Ashley, who is our data science colleague here. And we can ask how many people purchased
[06:11:19] Roshan: tickets yesterday
[06:11:23] Roshan: on mobile versus web?
[06:11:25] Kevin DeParco: I like that. Yeah, I feel like product funnels are such an important part of development, right? Like where are sales coming from? Yeah.
[06:11:32] Roshan: And so under the hood, Ashley is connected to our data layer and data warehouse. This could be DataBricks, Snowflake, pick your favorite data warehouse. And what Ashley is going to go off and do is actually go generate these queries, run these queries against that external data store and come back to us with
[06:11:53] Roshan: looks like 1,400 tickets were purchased yesterday. So it sounds like we are a small boutique airline here, which is very good and looks like about 58% were on web and 42% on mobile. And we can see how many families were flying.
[06:12:16] Roshan: Typos are okay.
[06:12:18] Roshan: Help us visualize these with charts.
[06:12:22] Kevin DeParco: And while that's running, I actually find this as a product product person to be one of my favorite uses of Grok Bot every day is I now get data queries and charts on demand. We we didn't we haven't shown this yet and we can, but you can also set up routines with bots. So if you haven't seen that, that's a really really helpful thing. I wake up every morning and you know, for those of you who like to monitor your favorite dashboards each morning, usually you know, you're used to opening up a web
[06:12:47] Kevin DeParco: browser, navigating your dashboards, maybe you have a bunch of bookmarks you load. This can now all be pushed to you. And so I have many many daily queries. Perhaps you're in charge of this pipeline at your business, you can get these insights pushed to you every morning or on demand. And so one thing that we've done for really major product launches is actually ask for hourly reports on how things are going live from our data stores. You can truly track the progress of a launch, truly track where
[06:13:11] Kevin DeParco: people are getting stuck, and sort of build these really great experiences at the gate. So it looks like we got some data back.
[06:13:17] Roshan: Cool. So this Ashley has actually generated the charts for us, helping us understand the distribution of who's going solo, who's a couple, who's a family, who's flying in groups. And then also helping us understand what is this family share of ticket purchases. Looks like 25% of flyers are family. And so yeah, as Roshan mentioned, we can make this a routine. Send me this as an update every morning at 6:00 a.m. This can be the first thing in Grok Bot that I check. And I can get an updated pulse of
[06:13:54] Roshan: these purchase behavior and how many families are flying. Which is kind of cool.
[06:13:59] Kevin DeParco: Yeah, I like that. Now I I wonder if there's something we could do to make that experience better. I don't know. Are there any issues with the product we could try to find or
[06:14:07] Kevin DeParco: I think we should look into the let's scroll up. Let's look at that funnel.
[06:14:11] Roshan: Yeah. I did this I did this earlier today kind of just exploring how ticket purchases might be look look like. And so asked Ashley to pull for us kind of what happens for folks who are buying tickets on mobile. This looks like a pretty classic product conversion funnel, I think, right?
[06:14:26] Kevin DeParco: Yeah.
[06:14:27] Roshan: Very good. And looks like there is quite a bit of fall off in this funnel.
[06:14:32] Kevin DeParco: Yeah. We interestingly it looks like the fall off is happening when people pick their seats. Maybe they don't like our seat selections.
[06:14:38] Kevin DeParco: But this might be an opportunity for us to improve the product. And so you know, as you're working on your own products, one thing that often happens is you see an insight in the data and then you say, well, wait a minute, like what's actually happening in the product here? What can we do to fix that experience? And so maybe we should write this back.
[06:14:52] Roshan: Let's do it. So you can thread in chats. Here we are going to reply to this message that we got yesterday. And we're going to say looks like a big fall off when people are choosing seats on mobile.
[06:15:10] Roshan: Work with PM Pete to generate a product spec
[06:15:17] Roshan: to optimize our mobile funnel.
[06:15:19] Roshan: And as you notice, Kevin here is tagging PM Pete. So this is where the bots will be able to chat with each other. And you'll see Ashley should fire off a message to Pete. Pete has a lot of product context on our business, understands our customers, understands the previous product decisions that have been made. And so might have some insight as to kind of why this is the spot in the funnel. And between the two of them, just like any great product and data science combo, it'll be hopefully they'll
[06:15:43] Kevin DeParco: be able to come up with some good ideas here. And it looks like yeah, we can maybe should we click into that message and see
[06:15:47] Roshan: Yeah yeah. Before we go there, I do love Ashley corrected us. We were actually wrong in our interpretation of the data. And so it says on mobile purchase funnel, the big leak is actually search to fair selection, not seat selection. So we had misinterpreted the chart. Luckily, Ashley caught our our mistake here. And you can see Ashley is sending a message off to PM Pete with some of the insights that she has generated through this investigation and then the specific ask that they're going to start
[06:16:18] Roshan: to coordinate on.
[06:16:19] Kevin DeParco: Yeah, and I see Pete spinning over there. So I think doing something. Cool. Okay. It looks like Pete has a Notion PRD with some P zeros and P ones. Let's see what came up with. Okay.
[06:16:38] Roshan: Very cool. And talk about the skill that PM Pete is using to generate this PRD.
[06:16:44] Kevin DeParco: Yeah. So PM Pete has learned that the best PRDs, the best specs are really crisp in their requirements and that increasingly they focus less on longevity of the document and more on what helps us get to code and prototype really quickly, right? We all maybe we've we've heard a lot about how code is getting cheaper and cheaper each days each day. And so Pete has a bunch of skills that are trained into Pete's context that allow him to in this case really understand the business. And then when we're
[06:16:50] Kevin DeParco: your turn for the next response, that it's a lot more engaging if you can just really jump in, interrupt, drive, and interact with agents in this way. And you'll see a little bit of this in a minute. But really I think those are the four things that we found
[06:17:13] Kevin DeParco: asking Pete for a PRD, specify a really crisp set of P zero, P one, and P two requirements. So it looks like we got a list. What do we think?
[06:17:23] Roshan: Amazing. Looks like mobile fair results needs a redesign here. Faster compare section or some of the ideas, honest fair proof on the card. I think one of the important takeaways here is that you know, we are equipping our colleagues with a bunch of contacts, but they may not know everything. And it is often very helpful to do a level of human review layer on your own ideas and insights and iterate with Grok Bot as it builds out product. And so this is awesome. We're going to one shot this from here
[06:17:56] Roshan: for demo purposes, but there's often a lot of a lot more iteration that goes into working with our agents, working with each other to figure out what is the sort of right product shape that we should ship.
[06:18:07] Kevin DeParco: And obviously there's a number of different ways you can do that. So one thing I like to do with Notion is just leave comments in Notion and Grok Bots can read Notion comments. And so it kind of really does feel like you're interacting with a colleague. You leave some notes here, you say actually this feels wrong, that number feels off, like tagging the person. I that works really well with Google Docs and other connectors too. And so yeah, I think the iteration process is also gotten a lot more
[06:18:27] Kevin DeParco: fun. But I guess next conventionally we'd probably start prototyping some of those ideas out, right? So
[06:18:32] Roshan: Yeah. How do you want to do it?
[06:18:34] Kevin DeParco: Well, maybe we ask Emily. So Emily is our engineering manager and has contacts on our entire engineering team. So maybe one thing we could do is ask Pete to hand the PRD to Emily. And you know, maybe she can ask our engineering team to prototype some of these ideas
[06:18:51] Kevin DeParco: and see how they do.
[06:18:52] Roshan: Cool. Should we also get Pixel in the mix?
[06:18:56] Kevin DeParco: Oh yeah, great plan. So Pixel
[06:18:57] Roshan: And do a little design.
[06:18:58] Kevin DeParco: That's a good idea. Yeah yeah. So we should probably get some design for each of our each of our P zeros.
[06:19:06] Roshan: Cool. Okay. So let's send that off.
[06:19:10] Roshan: And while that cooks, we'll pull up the virtual machine which all of our which Grok Bot has access to. And as we talked about, these are colleagues with a computer. And so it is very helpful to give these agents, these colleagues, give Grok Bot its own virtual machine, its own computer in the cloud where it can actually do work. It can navigate the web, you can log in and it can use your credentials across various services to actually get work done.
[06:19:41] Roshan: And you can see up here
[06:19:44] Roshan: top right you can see teach it a task. And so you can actually record your workflows directly on this machine. And agent can watch and learn and be able to replicate and reproduce the work that you are doing. And so we often here our sales team, our go-to-market team have these very complex Salesforce workflows, these complex processes that need to be replicated again and again. And it's very helpful to be able to teach an agent with more than just words or more than just spoken word to actually
[06:20:15] Roshan: be able to record the work that you are doing.
[06:20:18] Kevin DeParco: And these the agent actually every so every time it uses one of those tasks or goes through one of those tasks also has the ability to refine that skill and again follow that feedback mechanism that we talked about earlier. So really if you're working in bespoke systems or custom systems, I think that's really invaluable.
[06:20:34] Roshan: Okay, very cool. So it looks like we have two separate hand offs, one to engineering manager Emily to actually start going on some prototypes for this spec. And then the other is over to Pixel to actually start working on some designs and some mocks.
[06:20:52] Kevin DeParco: Yeah. And I think what's cool about the design workflow here is Pixel, I mentioned earlier, is trained on just how to be a great AI designer, but also it has context on our business's design system. And so in this case, we use Figma. And so the design system lives in Figma, but Pixel's also sort of has a reference files in its context that sort of teach it how to design for our airline. And so what this does is it makes it so that, you know, we're not starting from scratch every time. The agent
[06:21:19] Kevin DeParco: has a ton of embedded context on, you know, our preferred fonts and colors, UI patterns, you know, some, you know, no nos we've found it over time. For example, like never make X buttons in the left corner and things like this. And that really kind of gives this designer the ability to iterate really really quickly and then, you know, get things mostly right on the first try versus having to start from scratch every time. And it looks like we got some designs. What do we think?
[06:21:45] Kevin DeParco: There are just some expensive tickets.
[06:21:48] Roshan: It looks like we have two different options. Option A and option B, which Pixel has designed. What does the crowd think? Option A clap. Option B clap. Okay.
[06:22:03] Kevin DeParco: Team A.
[06:22:04] Roshan: Sounds like team A. All right. So let's first mock over to Emily to update the prototype.
[06:22:17] Kevin DeParco: Cool. And what you're also noticing here is that these bots can really act
[06:22:21] Kevin DeParco: you know, sort of interchangeably, right? Like the earlier it looked like Pixel had handed something to Emily and then we made a decision and then we said, hey, like go and update Emily. And you'll notice that these these bots sort of like interact more asynchronously or more out of band than you might expect if you're just used to working with a, you know, more of a chat style interface. And honestly, I think these make them a lot more fun to work with where basically you can continue to steer
[06:22:43] Kevin DeParco: and drive what the agents are working on. You know, particularly in some cases where they're working on something for a few minutes at a time, kind of getting that input from you as you go, you know, kind of helps you feel like you're you're being a part of the process and also verifying the output too. So
[06:22:56] Roshan: Cool. So let's check in on the engineering team. You can see Emily here as the engineering manager deconstructed the different priorities into scoped work for each one of the engineers and actually then went and had direct conversations with each one explaining the work that they were to do. And also included a bunch of additional context. One of the things that I think we have all learned the hard way is that agents are really good at prompting, oftentimes better than we are at figuring out what
[06:23:33] Roshan: context to give to an agent. And so oftentimes just giving the giving your team in Grok Bot the context of what you are trying to achieve and letting them work together and suss out what context would be most helpful, how to deconstruct work in different ways can be very accelerator.
[06:23:52] Kevin DeParco: One thing we
[06:23:54] Kevin DeParco: hopefully see in action a second here.
[06:23:57] Kevin DeParco: These Grok Bots also have the ability, there we go, to kick off cloud agents. And so when it comes to the actual engineering work, what each of these IC engineers are doing is they're creating agents in the cloud that sort of run with a local copy of your code repository. So when it comes time to make changes to to the code base or maybe they they need to install some you know, setup scripts to be able to ensure that the repo is testable and runnable. And these agents come with all of those batteries
[06:24:23] Kevin DeParco: included too. So in this case, it looks like you just said yes when the when Nova asked about creating a PR. Is that right?
[06:24:30] Roshan: That's right. Yeah.
[06:24:30] Kevin DeParco: Yeah.
[06:24:32] Roshan: And so Nova has gone off, launched this cloud agent, will continue to monitor its work. When that completes, you can also have an additional verification loop. The engineer can review the work of the cloud agent, can hand it back to either a QA team or your engineering manager who can actually run an additional layer of checks and verification to ensure that the outputs align with the intended goals that you gave your your team to start.
[06:25:00] Kevin DeParco: Yeah. I think what this is what's really cool about this too is you can sort of choose how much human you want to bring into the loop, right? So maybe for some of these cases, if it's a really easy change to say a documentation website or maybe it's resizing something in our mobile app, it feels like a pretty low stakes change. And sometimes we can just let our agents run with it. But perhaps there's a more meaningful change that we want to make sure that this design was implemented the way that
[06:25:22] Kevin DeParco: we expected out or the way that Pixel helped expected out. We might want to jump in and ask for a demo or a prototype. And so one thing we found that's just generally true when working with agents is that giving them an environment to verify their own output in makes a huge difference. But also giving them the tools to help you as the human verify the output also makes a huge difference in outcomes. And you can kind of work with those things together and you know, get get better results. So
[06:25:48] Roshan: Amazing. So I think our engineering team is going to cook on this in the background. And so what have we seen so far? We started with this open question about the business. We started talking to a data science colleague Ashley to help us better understand some of the funnel dynamics, where the biggest fall off was. Handed all of that context over to a PM Pete agent who could actually help write the product requirements doc. That was the first pass. We then handed it off to our designer who created
[06:26:33] Kevin DeParco: Really cool system. And again, you can really adapt this to whatever workflow makes the most sense to your business. And so we've seen a lot of folks who you know, want to go really deep on the requirements phase and maybe work on really complex systems where you know, there's lots of knock on implications for, you know, every small requirement. You could imagine having a team of folks whose job it is to make sure there's a knowledge base that's copped up to date and that those requirements are
[06:26:54] Kevin DeParco: fed into the product. Or maybe you have a really convoluted code base with a bunch of different repos that need to stay in sync. That's another workflow that you could build in with Grok Bot. And so my point with that is just stating that, you know, this is one example of how you might set up your team. But really the tool is meant to be flexible for you to kind of adapt to whatever workflow works for for your own organization.
[06:27:21] Roshan: Okay. Now a few of the hard learned lessons working with Grok Bot, a few things to keep in mind as you start to build out your own teams in Grok Bot. First is this idea of named agents having separate memory, being able to learn on the job, and really thinking about these as colleagues. They're not going to be great on day zero. There is an onboarding phase where you can give them skills, you can give them contacts, you can teach them things. And so over time they actually build up that context and
[06:27:52] Roshan: intuition and can take on more and more work, which is cool to see.
[06:27:56] Roshan: The other is really thinking about sort of reducing noise in the system as PMs. Like there is often a lot of pings, a lot of emails, a lot of Slacks. One of the pro tips that we've learned is when you set up a routine to ask your agent if this is essentially a no operation, if there's nothing important or urgent for me to see, you can actually just take the work on yourself or you don't need to update me. And so there is a bit of noise reduction in the system. Agents are and Grok Bot is currently
[06:28:26] Roshan: grooming my inbox and will only tell me about the most important emails there and can escalate things. But generally I'm trying to reduce the noise in the system so I can keep focus on what is most important for the team. And then agents all the way down this idea that, you know, you can have managers of agents, agents are coordinating with cloud agents and Grok Bot is a very helpful agent system for helping you take on some of the most ambitious work and accelerate your product teams.
[06:28:58] Kevin DeParco: Yeah.
[06:29:02] Roshan: Very cool. So that was a very fun demo. That was great being able to actually make some impact at Fly Low Airlines. We are going to wrap there. To those who are joining us virtually, check back with Matt, Lauren, and Roshan who are currently building a startup with Grok Bot over the course of these three days, which is very exciting. How's progress going?
[06:29:26] Kevin DeParco: It's going. We have a really fun business idea. And so if you're interested in following along, we'll be streaming for the next 48 plus hours. So should be great.
[06:29:33] Roshan: Very good. Thank you all so much. Very good. And for those in the audience, we are now going to open it up to any questions that are on your mind.
[06:29:49] Kevin DeParco: Before we do that, one quick thing we wanted to plug is we are running a competition. You could win a trip to Starbase, Texas to go watch a launch of Starship, which is pretty cool, incredibly cool. If you ask
[06:30:00] Matt Palmer: me
[06:30:01] Matt Palmer: if you show us how you've integrated Grok Bot into your work. So, follow at Grok and bot and at bot on X. And there's a post on the @Grok account right now that explains how to enter and win. The runners-up here are also going to win a tour, I believe, to Hawthorne to go and see how some of the stuff that helps launch stuff into space is made. And so, if you're interested in any role of that, that QR code should help you get started or you can just go to @Grok on X. And that's our pitch.
[06:30:28] Lauren: Very cool. Are we allowed to enter or no?
[06:30:30] Matt Palmer: I don't know. I hope so. All right, there we go. Question.
[06:30:35] Lauren: Oh, I will keep that up so people can can scan it.
[06:30:41] Matt Palmer: We can repeat the questions up here too if it's easier.
[06:30:47] Matt Palmer: You can just shout it out and we'll repeat it. Yeah.
[06:30:59] Matt Palmer: Oh, put up the QR code? Oh, get out of the way for the QR code? Yeah. Sorry.
[06:31:04] Lauren: We also want to hear your question.
[06:31:23] Matt Palmer: Yeah, so I think the question is about what we've seen in terms of bots managing context, how it might overlap across teams or roles. Is that Is that the right idea? Yeah. So So, I think at the end of the day, these act as sort of self-contained agents that you can you can steer and control however you want. So, if I understand your question correctly, the way that these agents, these bots are architected is that each bot has its own memory, but there's also a shared memory pool that bots can contribute
[06:31:24] Eric: Yeah.
[06:31:47] Matt Palmer: to in the cases when they and you decide that there's something you should remember for your team. So, there's a bit of prompting we use to kind of under the hood to tune how the bots choose one or the other, but in general, bots have a sort of individual memory pool that they, you know, write memories to and then refine memories from over time. And so, one of the reasons that we think we really like the role-based version of this is that you can get really strong memories or how to become a really
[06:31:56] Eric: that it's too generic to be helpful to
[06:31:57] Eric: anybody.
[06:32:10] Matt Palmer: good engineer over time. But then, you know, we we're also still experimenting with this a little bit. The group chats interface that you saw really allows you to kind of bring those things together. So, um, you know, there are multiple approaches. For example, you could have a single builder bot that is end-product and design all in one. That can also work. It's just that we find for more complex use cases separating the roles out can be helpful. I'm not sure if that was your question or
[06:32:33] Matt Palmer: Great.
[06:32:33] Lauren: Yeah, I think one of the things which is interesting is like we've been trained with early agents to worry about context pollution and context management. And there's like a little part of everybody's brain that is thinking about like what does agent know, what do they not know, uh, do I need to compact, and at what point am I going to run out of context window? And I think the like ultimate goal is to make this incredibly simple and incredibly accessible for everybody to use, uh, and not have to
[06:33:00] Lauren: spend a bunch of like metal work thinking about what agents know about.
[06:41:03] Matt Palmer: And we're back. Um, so hopefully you all enjoyed that session on, uh, Grok Bot for product managers. So, we're back in the studio and we have a guest with us and this is Eric. Eric is the co-founder and CEO of Carrot Financial, uh, banking, credit, and payments built for creators and growing businesses. Um, for Carrot, I believe you're a product manager at Instagram. Is that right?
[06:41:13] Eric: Hey. Yeah. Yeah, I was a product manager at Joined Me at Instagram 2016 in another life.
[06:41:25] Matt Palmer: Awesome. Awesome. Welcome. Excited to have you. Um, so Lauren and I have been, uh, at work here during the break. We were just talking about like exactly what we're building, what the direction is. And I feel like we're still, um, we're still kind of working on exactly what we want to build and like what the software looks like. And I think first, it's an interesting kind of lesson in how the hardest part of building is actually aligning on an idea. We were just talking about that. Um, and so I
[06:41:47] Eric: Yeah.
[06:41:49] Matt Palmer: think
[06:41:50] Matt Palmer: what we're going to do since we have Eric's time and he's built the business himself and he's, you know, worked and started these things. Maybe we we could workshop exactly what we're building, refining the idea a little bit so we know exactly where we're headed.
[06:41:52] Eric: Yeah.
[06:42:00] Eric: But I kind of love that because people My mom would always ask like, what does a product manager even do?
[06:42:05] Eric: And I told her, it's always comes down to three things. Number one is figure out what to build.
[06:42:09] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[06:42:09] Eric: Number two is how to build it. And number three is actually coordinating and building it. And I think people don't realize like AI makes the third part really easy, but like parts one and two, that's still like human brains.
[06:42:11] Matt Palmer: Right. Yes. Right, right.
[06:42:20] Eric: And so when you're like, what are we even doing? I'm like, yeah, this is perfect because I also want to know.
[06:42:24] Matt Palmer: Right.
[06:42:24] Eric: So I think, uh, my first question So, I tuned and I cheated a little. I had some of the live stream of what you were doing with Peter in the very beginning. So, I heard it was like a website for pop-ups. And like, is this for restaurant owners to do pop-ups? I'm trying to get a sense of like who are we doing this for? What's the problem we're trying to solve?
[06:42:41] Matt Palmer: Yeah, for me, um, I imagine like our main users are people who want to run a pop-up.
[06:42:48] Eric: Yeah.
[06:42:48] Matt Palmer: So that you could be a restaurateur, you could be you know, you could have your own Shopify store, uh, but you want this like a pop-up to me like the the whole benefit or the value proposition of a pop-up pop-up store is that
[06:43:03] Matt Palmer: it's for one, it's it's like it's in it's in person.
[06:43:07] Eric: Yes, IRL. Yeah.
[06:43:07] Matt Palmer: It's IRL. And the other part is it's There's this almost like, uh, limited supply factor where, you know, it's like there's a time there's a time constraint. There's like, you know, pop-ups that I mean you want two to So, you have to go.
[06:43:19] Eric: Yeah, you're going to miss it. You got to go. Yeah.
[06:43:22] Matt Palmer: There's like this, you know, you you There's a desire to want to show up. And then maybe when you show up, there's a chance to participate in a once in a lifetime or whatever, uh, you know, experience or buy a products or merchandise that are only accessible through the pop-up. So, I feel like there's something interesting there where, you know, actually it's it's pretty hard to set something like this up yourself. And so we want it We're thinking of one, um,
[06:43:53] Matt Palmer: actually creating a pop-up of our own. Maybe we're like a Grok Bot pop-up. Yeah. Cuz I personally love Grok would love some Grok Bot merch. Believe it or not, I don't have any Grok Bot merch.
[06:44:03] Eric: Maybe some potato potato merch as well.
[06:44:05] Matt Palmer: Sure. Yeah, like a a potato in the Or I don't know. A Grok Bot in the shape of potato or something.
[06:44:10] Matt Palmer: Um, and I think that by
[06:44:15] Matt Palmer: actually trying to start this pop-up ourselves, we will build tools that will kind of put you know, shape the platform that we want to build as well where like initially the in the only user of this platform is going to be ourselves. We're going to use it to make to plan and organize our pop-up store.
[06:44:28] Eric: Yeah. Okay.
[06:44:33] Matt Palmer: And then we'll figure out how to actually make it a little bit more generic, make it accessible for other users to actually use reuse the same intro
[06:44:41] Matt Palmer: to do bookings, like finding venues, you know, planning, uh, invitations and and things like that. So,
[06:44:48] Eric: Okay. So, this this makes sense. So, I have One thing I really like this and then I have one push I want to give. The thing I really like is especially in a world where AI is eating everything, IRL matters even more. Like the whole point of what we're doing over the next few days is like you can build an entire business with Grok Bot, but the special part is to your point, getting to meet and interact with a business in real time. If anything, what we're describing now with software, it's happening
[06:45:12] Eric: in brick and mortar businesses too. Like if you're a restaurant, the big question you have to think about is how do I avoid just being commoditized and put on as another icon on Uber Eats and DoorDash? Like how do I make sure I'm not just a cloud kitchen that people are just ordering burgers from?
[06:45:26] Eric: Pop-up. Or like I'm selling stickers online and everyone is just putting out AI-generated stickers. How do I make sure people actually know what I represent stand for? Pop-up. So, like my first thought is like I really like this because you're trying to recapture the essence of like here's something special about your brand and how you can reach people in a way that's become really valuable today. My second And here's a bit of where my push is. I really think it matters who we're doing this for.
[06:45:50] Eric: And I 'm hearing you describe the initial target demo of who we're building it for. You said let's build it for ourselves. So, if we're going to build it for ourselves, then the framing's almost people who want to do pop-up that have never done a pop-up before and barely understand the business side. And that's okay because then I heard you say but okay, we're going to later on go more advanced because there's a totally different demographic where I already run a restaurant or a merch shop and it's
[06:46:16] Eric: working, but I want to run a pop-up to get attention, right? I think these are two really different demographics. I'm super down to start with the first one. My only ask is then let's like narrow it a little. So, we're going to start with like people who haven't done it before. You mentioned like merch. So, are we going to do we doing this as like a merch like hey, you run This is so meta. But if you're in San Francisco, it's like you run a venture back startup. And to stand out against all of the
[06:46:38] Eric: other AI companies, you want to have your own IRL merch drop. You want to have your own plushies. Like very meta. Is Is that going to be the initial use case we build for?
[06:46:48] Matt Palmer: I think for that could be pretty interesting.
[06:46:49] Eric: Yeah.
[06:46:49] Lauren: I mean that could be interesting. It feels a bit meta. It feels a bit disconnected from just like maybe is there like a simpler way to like connect with their audience? Like I think if I'm thinking about myself, like what I want, I don't know what a pop-up is, but most of the time when I'm looking to do on like a Saturday is just go find something fun to do, maybe go with a friend of mine and like I like art, I like checking out new things. If there's something cool to buy, I like buying these cool
[06:47:08] Lauren: things. So, yeah, I don't know. I My thinking is like always simplify, uh, but I'm like I'm down for whatever, you know. So,
[06:47:15] Eric: So, I mean I think we have we have a I'm curious with chat things. Like this is, you know, a fork in the road. We can either go a bit meta and really build for ourselves which is we're a tech AI brand and we want to get more of an IRL connection to our folks. So, like let's go and do merch or something. Or we can do something totally different like kind of like what you said, right? So, I'm curious is there anything in chat? Also these these messages are so funny. The poor AV team. Am I just like
[06:47:38] Eric: way too loud right now? The sound guys are having a lot of fun right now. Bro was proclaiming holy.
[06:47:44] Lauren: At least, uh, at least we can have fun with the chat while we can we can figure it out.
[06:47:47] Eric: I I feel like my problem is like I'm always louder than everybody else. And like when I do podcasts, I just like amp down my sensitivity a little bit. Okay, chat, let us know like are which direction should we go? Or Or is there just a lot of lag going on right now?
[06:48:02] Lauren: Meta, very meta.
[06:48:04] Eric: I think there's a bit of a lag between the bots and the business as well.
[06:48:05] Lauren: I think there is a lag, but I like where we're at. I think we're we have a good direction. So, like what would help most? Like maybe if we start wire framing or walking through the user flows, we can talk about it.
[06:48:14] Eric: Yeah. I I think we got to be specific though on which one we're going to do. Like are we going to be like, hey, like let's do tech brand doing a pop-up for your brand or should we do something to your point like very brick and mortar, very different? Like I'm a restaurant owner and I want to do a pop-up to get people to come to my restaurant as like a special event. I do think we do we got to make a call. Otherwise, we're going to build like the most generic pop-up site possible which I I fear is
[06:48:40] Lauren: Yeah, I I think I agree with that. Um, I mean like what are the constants, right? The constants across all of these things and what we want to do are that like we need a date, we need a time, we need a venue, we need to collect a bunch of different people who have a trade into that same place. And so, Lauren started working on some prototyping tools for us to start doing those things. Um, and then what is specific to us? Sounds like the merchandise might be
[06:49:02] Eric: Yeah, you know what? Let's do like what every startup has always pitched to every VC ever. Guys, we're going to start small. The addressable market is everybody. Maybe we start with merch for tech companies because like, hey, we want to have an IRL presence. But once we start to build it and figure out the primitives, then we can expand it to like maybe other sort of pop-up scenarios. What What do we think of that? I would address chat, but chat is like on a three-minute delay. So, we're just we're
[06:49:24] Eric: just going to fly blind and say, all right, you know what? We're We're going to try and start a Grok pop-up and sell what Grok pop-ups, tater plushies.
[06:49:32] Lauren: Sure.
[06:49:33] Matt Palmer: Grok hats.
[06:49:33] Eric: Grok hats.
[06:49:34] Matt Palmer: Grok hats, Grok.
[06:49:35] Eric: Okay. Well, this is this is the easiest thing possible if I put on my product manager hat, right? It's like, you know, the classic frame is like what are the problems we have? I think the first one is just like
[06:49:44] Eric: if we're really going to build it for ourselves, what do we sell? Where do we sell it?
[06:49:50] Eric: Coordinate the location time. So, it's what do we sell number one? Number two, where do we sell it? Number three, coordinate the location and time. Uh, the fourth thing I would say is like ticketing where you want to make sure you have a social element. I think part of full's biggest success was you knowing that all your other friends are coming as well.
[06:50:04] Matt Palmer: That could be a lot of fun. Yeah, I like that.
[06:50:08] Eric: And so like we want to make this an event. Like we can't have Elon tweeting out every single time the pop-up is open, right? I mean that'd that'd be huge. That'd be amazing for any business to have. So, I I think the first question is like what do we what do we what do we want to make here?
[06:50:21] Lauren: Cool. Yeah, so maybe we start with, um, what do we want to sell? Merch. Sounds like we're doing a merch pop-up. Uh,
[06:50:28] Lauren: sounds like we need some sort of system for like ticketing or like just basically like a event registration. We could probably find like an API or something that like helps us with that. Um, or we can just use our our planet scale database. We could, uh, do some like quick event registration, make it social, so ticketing. Um, and we don't even really need to worry about time slots like if we wanted to like do it across the day or something right now. So, um, merch. We're going to need to work on
[06:50:51] Lauren: the merch for the pop-up. Um, that should be integrated into the platform. Um,
[06:50:55] Lauren: the registrations I think, uh, like that seems like pretty easy. And then maybe something to help us with like finding the venue.
[06:51:01] Eric: Yeah, like a venue. Yeah. So, maybe you I love it. You simplified to three things. Just the merch, the ticketing with like the social piece, and then just finding a venue. So, totally right. Time slots aren't as important.
[06:51:02] Lauren: Yeah.
[06:51:10] Lauren: Page one, what are you what are you building? But in this instance, it's you're building a a merch pop-up. Page two, um,
[06:51:18] Lauren: is literally like what date is this thing? Uh, and then it helps you like build an invent, um, a booking system. And then page three is like uh,
[06:51:26] Lauren: uh, kind of like where you where you're having it. And then you can you can start to to figure out the location and what not.
[06:51:32] Eric: So, here's my question. As someone who's still learning Grok Bot, what's the recommended approach using Grok Bot to figure it out? Like are you going to have each of those like merch, ticketing, venue? Is that a different bot? Or are you going to split it functionally, right? In terms of like engineering versus design. Like how how are you thinking about this, Lauren?
[06:51:48] Eric: Or Lauren is currently doing the actual work that I said. So, maybe maybe met How How do we split this up my bot?
[06:51:50] Lauren: Oh, sorry. I'm like super unlocked here.
[06:51:53] Lauren: I like to split these things up. I think about bots as like different employees really. So, like in my bots right now, my setup on my screen, I have a growth engineer, I have a founding engineer, I have an image generator bot, I have a creative director, a chief of staff. And then some of these other things which usually come from like tasks. Like if I have a task, for example, updating my documentation, I'm going to create a bot separately, um, to update the documentation. And so you can see here
[06:52:15] Lauren: Lauren actually has been just cooking on some like wire frames.
[06:52:18] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I'm I'm So, yeah, what I what I was doing in the background and and I was like kind of zoning out a bit, but or not zoning out, but I'm trying to lock in on this was to start So, I'm a very visual person.
[06:52:29] Eric: Yeah.
[06:52:29] Matt Palmer: And so I got my prototyper bot to start sketching out stuff for me in TL draw which is pretty cool that the So,
[06:52:38] Matt Palmer: one thing Grok Bot does really well is like you can actually control a browser and it actually when it's a TL draw instead of drawing for me, right? So, I I We have some kind of very low fidelity mockups that we can kind of just critique and think help us ideate what we're trying to build.
[06:52:52] Eric: Yes.
[06:52:53] Matt Palmer: So, I've just been prompting and trying to get it to uh, work on that.
[06:52:58] Eric: One One thing I'll say, I saw somebody in chat say merch, just merch. You know, if we're going to put on our true like Silicon Valley satire hats, I would say this is a community as a service. In a world dominated by AI, we want to help you figure out how to bring the in-person vibes of your company back. So, I think of it less as merch. This is a platform for you to have community meetups around your brand. And yeah, as a tech brand, one thing that's really easy is have a reason. Merch is a great
[06:53:24] Eric: reason.
[06:53:24] Matt Palmer: Sweet. Yeah, totally a good And I And I know, uh, I know some some providers. Like I know some APIs where we can maybe line up some merch, um, that might we might be able to integrate into the platform. Some ways we might be able to make that happen. So,
[06:53:36] Eric: Sweet. Well, while while when if you're still working on that, I'm not sure I think you are working on that. I guess the last other person.
[06:53:41] Matt Palmer: Yeah, no. I'll uh, I'll clear up some time. Lauren, do you feel like we have what we need to start building stuff?
[06:53:45] SPEAKER_03: Uh, I'll try.
[06:53:46] Matt Palmer: Okay, cool.
[06:53:47] SPEAKER_03: Yeah.
[06:53:47] Eric: Say, I realized the two of you are like hosting and guesting it at the same time which is like incredibly difficult to be entertaining and actually build. Well then, I'll I'll ask you so like, you know, if we're going to Fine, it's like, hey, if you're a brand, you're going to have like a community pop-up reusing merch as like the Trojan horse to like something to start with. What's like fun merch? Because I feel like every tech startup ever has done I'm I'm wearing merch for my own company like
[06:54:08] Eric: t-shirts and hats. Like is there something unique to Grok? I feel like we could lean in the direction of cute like taters and potatoes because that's part of her brand. Is there something something different? I mean obviously Elon had the flame throwers. Like that is a unique type of merch if you think about it.
[06:54:20] Lauren: Yeah.
[06:54:22] Lauren: Yeah, so we just have to figure out flame thrower production in like, uh, 48 hours. Sounds like, uh, No, I mean I I think when I think about the best merch, it's similar to, uh, what you described which is like building for yourself. It's like, hey, I dig hats, but I dig very specific kinds of hats. Like I I like hoodies, but like I want a very good specific kind of hoodie. Um, and so if you can like work backwards from that like in the clothing aspect, um, it's kind of like what kind of stuff do
[06:54:33] Eric: Yeah. Yeah. Are you Are you Pokémon fan?
[06:54:46] Lauren: you do you like? One of my good friends gave me like a Snorlax plushie at one point.
[06:54:51] Lauren: I mean, you know, I have friends that are Pokémon fans. So, I I play
[06:54:53] Eric: Okay. Great. All right. All right.
[06:54:55] Lauren: And I love that. And it was like very reminiscent of my childhood. And it was kind of like cool gift. Um, and something of like that resonated with me. So, it's like how do you find something, um, either sentimental or emotional that you can connect with somebody?
[06:55:03] Eric: Yeah.
[06:55:06] Eric: So, my my two thoughts here. The first one is like that could be a bot action itself is we're exploring use cases to like go and research and figure out what people want. My second thought is basically you said I heard two things. I heard one an expressed appreciation for utility. Like not just a hat, a really good hat.
[06:55:12] Lauren: Sure. Yeah.
[06:55:21] Eric: The second is a desire for novelty like the Snorlax thing.
[06:55:24] Eric: This is a total tangent on the novelty piece. This is not a utility piece. Have you heard like uh, I saw this TikTok the other day. It was like you know, boys get girls flowers. So, not to be gender normative. Sometimes people in relationship like to get the other person relationship flowers. What's the other version of that, right? Like a girl was like, what do I get for my boyfriend? And somebody suggested on TikTok tungsten cubes.
[06:55:44] Lauren: Tungsten cubes.
[06:55:45] Eric: Have Have you seen these?
[06:55:46] Lauren: Love tungsten cubes. Yeah.
[06:55:47] Matt Palmer: Why?
[06:55:47] Eric: They're They're They're so heavy. See
[06:55:48] Lauren: They're cuz they're cool.
[06:55:49] Eric: They're so cool. They're so heavy.
[06:55:50] Lauren: They don't worry about
[06:55:51] Eric: They're They're really dense. They're really hard to pick up. So, I'm like
[06:55:54] Lauren: Chat's going to lose it.
[06:55:55] Eric: I'm not saying we do we do this, but if we're going to go the novelty direction, like in addition to the like the hats and these, I don't like tungsten cubes.
[06:56:01] Lauren: Yeah, 100%.
[06:56:03] Eric: Yeah.
[06:56:03] Lauren: I mean I don't know where why we're particularly like
[06:56:05] Eric: I I love he immediately understood what I was talking about.
[06:56:08] Matt Palmer: Wait, can you get like a tungsten cube in the shape of a Grok Bot?
[06:56:11] Lauren: You could get a That would I mean it's spherical tungsten cube. You can absolutely do a spherical
[06:56:12] Eric: That'd be That'd be crazy. A tungsten Grok Bot.
[06:56:15] Matt Palmer: Is it hard to
[06:56:17] Lauren: Tungsten Grok Bot.
[06:56:19] Eric: Wait, that would I would actually want one, guys. Like I'm moving from the hypothetical, I would want one.
[06:56:23] Lauren: Yeah, I mean uh,
[06:56:24] Eric: And how much would you pay for it?
[06:56:25] Lauren: Uh, I would pay Honestly, I'd pay 80 bucks for that.
[06:56:27] Matt Palmer: 80 bucks?
[06:56:28] Eric: And here's the cool thing. It's so heavy, you can't even get it shipped. You have to go to the pop-up to get it.
[06:56:30] Lauren: I mean
[07:00:00] Lauren: If we want to like come up with cool ticket design, cuz I feel like that drives some kind of
[07:00:04] Eric: Oh, 100%
[07:00:04] Lauren: It gives us some momentum. Like like oh, we got a really cool ticket. Um
[07:00:08] Eric: I just want to this creator event. It's hosted by Make Fair and William Osman. And your badge is to get in actually PCB boards.
[07:00:14] Lauren: Oh, that's cool.
[07:00:15] Eric: Like you can actually wire them up and have them light up and everything. So no, I I love this. If you come up with a cool design for this
[07:00:20] Lauren: Uh yeah, like right now I'm just thinking like Well, I'm sort of inspired a little by like Pokémon cards and how they're shiny a little bit shiny
[07:00:27] Eric: Oh, so you want In some ways, the tickets to the first ever Grok Bot pop-up are collectibles in themselves.
[07:00:33] Lauren: I mean that could be pretty interesting.
[07:00:34] Eric: That is really cool.
[07:00:35] Lauren: Yeah, yeah.
[07:00:36] Eric: Yeah. So you already have
[07:00:38] Lauren: So the the ticket itself is a collectible. And then you show up and then you have a chance to actually look around and buy more cool merch.
[07:00:40] Eric: Yeah, that Yeah.
[07:00:44] Eric: Yeah, because like you know, keep in mind the whole reason we're doing this pop-up is because it's special. It's not just software. So I feel like having a really cool ticket, that's part of it.
[07:00:52] Eric: So my my question again is somebody who's still learning about Grok Bot, right? You have one right now designing the tickets themselves.
[07:00:58] Eric: Are we able to have one like figure out like the merch? Like tell it, you know, hey, like we don't just want plushies and high quality hoodies. Like we we want that. We want that for sure. But we want something cool and novel. Like hey, we considered like the tungsten cube. And then we considered the tungsten cube in the shape of a Grok Bot. And then we realized that would cost like $3,000. And so like does it have other ideas in this vein?
[07:01:21] Lauren: Yeah, let me just write that down. Uh So we have uh I I'm curious if you have more cool ideas like tungsten. Is that how you spell it?
[07:01:31] Eric: Yeah, that's how you spell tungsten cubes, which again he and I instantly In the old usage of that Okay, give me give me rock it right away.
[07:01:35] Lauren: Uh yeah, throw out more ideas that I can can
[07:01:39] Eric: I should have another good novelty ones.
[07:01:40] Roshan: Um so some of some of what we're seeing in the chat, potato plushies. A lot of people seem to like that. Um pictures from SpaceX launches, so rocketry pictures and that. Um limited limited edition Grok Bot stress balls shaped shaped in the different shapes of Grok Bot.
[07:01:45] Lauren: Okay, potato plushies. Oh, okay, pictures of SpaceX Oh, that's that's a really cool idea.
[07:01:58] Roshan: I like the stress ball one. Uh
[07:02:00] Lauren: Probably not too hard to make.
[07:02:01] Roshan: What could be cool is like, you know, how Grok Bot is spherical, right? Like a hat, but the hat just has eyes on it. Like the hat is the bottom that you wear on your head.
[07:02:07] Eric: Oh, yeah. Wait, I like this.
[07:02:08] Roshan: Or like a uh uh toboggan. Oh, actually this is You probably just heard me say something that sounds like a sled. This is I'm from North Carolina. Yeah, like you know, like a beanie, like a beanie thing. Beanie people in the South call those toboggans. Just completely sidebar on the I think a toboggan is a sled.
[07:02:15] Eric: Toboggan A beanie? Toboggan Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Totally crazy. So
[07:02:25] Roshan: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Totally crazy. So I just had to go on a on a tangent there. But anyway, basically like a wool cap from some sort, right? So um
[07:02:33] Eric: Wait, another one I'll add. Wait, what about Grok Bot character plushies?
[07:02:37] Lauren: Uh yeah.
[07:02:37] Eric: Like the whole point is you have like a whole army of Grok Bots. We could make like cool little plushies for each of them, you know?
[07:02:44] Lauren: I also feel like it'd be really cool to have the attendees of this pop-up be able to like participate uh by like I don't know, submitting
[07:02:55] Eric: Yeah.
[07:02:55] Lauren: some ideas. And then like we'll make them because like in Grok Bot, you can create your own bot templates.
[07:03:02] Eric: Oh.
[07:03:02] Lauren: So I wonder if there's also something we can tie in there where you know, your uh you can submit a bot template like we'll choose the good ones and then we'll make some special merch for them, I guess. I don't know, like
[07:03:14] Eric: Wait, can I go one step beyond that cuz I'm doing something crazier and I'm just thinking about it, right?
[07:03:17] Lauren: Okay. Sure.
[07:03:19] Eric: So what if you could create your own physical Grok Bot that also has its own purpose because you can code it, right? Like for example, you could make a physical Grok Bot I'm just making this up because I'm in a long distance relationship right now. We have find my iPhone turned on. What if I like got a keychain and the Grok Bots that bot's agent soul's job is to track the location of my partner so I know where she is. Or like you've seen this in some TikTok, it's like she's X miles away. So I'm not
[07:03:42] Lauren: Mhm. Okay. Interesting. Mhm. I see.
[07:03:47] Eric: saying use as an example. I 'm saying what if you had people create physical Grok Bots with like specific things? Or like the other classic Grok Bot I've heard used is like oh, if your startup founder it gives you like the competitive news update of what's happening in your space. What if you had like a physical one you just look at it and this tells you like this is what happened.
[07:04:04] Eric: Yeah? Or maybe it like tracks sales of your merch store. And every time, you know, you make like $1,000 it lights up. It's like you just made another $1,000.
[07:04:04] Lauren: Nice. Yeah.
[07:04:12] Eric: I don't know cuz it's like kind of taps into the ethos of you can customize it and you can code it and we can make it. I'm really just thinking out loud now.
[07:04:15] Lauren: Sure. Yeah.
[07:04:19] Roshan: Right on, man.
[07:04:20] Lauren: Yeah. Uh Uh well, this is the first
[07:04:23] Eric: Someone someone commented Grok Bot build a bear kind of thing. Another person commented don't do that. There are two types of people on the internet.
[07:04:27] Lauren: Yeah. Oh. Are they they all right?
[07:04:35] Eric: So this this one's still working on the tickets, right?
[07:04:37] Lauren: So wait, are we good are we just not going to do the platform idea then?
[07:04:40] Eric: Well, I figure like we could if we build the tools to do it ourselves, we can then make them scalable. It's be like
[07:04:44] Lauren: Yeah, I feel like the platform maybe is like a stretch goal.
[07:04:47] Eric: Yeah.
[07:04:47] Lauren: All right, like we'll build the tools for ourselves first. I think we like I think we should focus on just getting the store
[07:04:49] Eric: I like that. Yeah. I fully agree.
[07:04:55] Lauren: design set up
[07:04:57] Roshan: The store design, finding a place to do this, finding all the getting all that done.
[07:04:58] Lauren: Exactly. As soon as possible. Tomorrow and the third day we have time to actually go platform eyes things if we feel like they're worth doing that.
[07:05:04] Roshan: Yeah.
[07:05:07] Lauren: But for now like yeah, and then I have a merch bot set up already. Uh and it's coming up with ideas.
[07:05:13] Eric: But yeah, I kind of do like this build a bear Grok Bot thing. If it's not impossible to execute. And then in the course of doing it, yeah, we can extend it later to let anybody do their own pop-ups.
[07:05:24] Lauren: Uh oh, actually I'm going to say ask Grok to use Grok, I imagine.
[07:05:35] Eric: Oh, that's cute. Tama Grok, a Grok Tama Gotchi.
[07:05:38] Eric: Maybe maybe that's what the story has instead of build a bear. Maybe it's just the Grok Bot Tama Gotchi.
[07:05:54] Eric: Oh yeah, we're telling we're telling we're telling Steve like hey, don't just regurgitate
[07:05:58] Lauren: Yeah, don't just don't just like tell me what I just told you.
[07:06:03] Eric: It it really does feel like you're just messaging a team of your colleagues, right?
[07:06:06] Roshan: All right. I think one of our colleagues is actually back from
[07:06:07] Eric: It does. Hey hey.
[07:06:11] Roshan: How's it going? Good to see you.
[07:06:12] Eric: Hey, it's a pleasure. My name's Eric.
[07:06:14] Roshan: Hey Roshan, nice to meet you. Of course.
[07:06:15] Lauren: I caught some of the conversation, but what did I miss?
[07:06:20] Eric: It's got an interesting direction.
[07:06:22] Eric: So the thinking was look, if we do a pop-up we should have a clear sense of who we're building it for and what we're trying to solve, right? And I think there's something very special about getting to do an IRL manifestation of what your brand is, especially like with AI software everywhere. And then we were like this is actually Lawrence's idea. Why don't we do it for ourselves first? And then if it goes well for ourselves we can expand this into a platform. So then we started thinking through
[07:06:38] Roshan: Yeah. Hold on, hold on. Let me maybe I should record this. Should we like feed this into a bot? Have we done that yet?
[07:06:42] Eric: and this was actually Matt's point. If we're going to do it for ourselves really there are only three things we need to figure out.
[07:06:47] Eric: Okay, go for it. No, it's and we can update our docs and
[07:06:51] Roshan: I have a I have a uh uh outreach bot. Now we have one working on menus. Let's find my outreach bot. Okay, here we go. Sorry, pick back up where you left off.
[07:07:04] Eric: Yeah, go for it. And so Matt had actually a really good point. If we're going to do our own Grok Bot pop-up, there's really three things we need to figure out. Number one is just what's going to be there, like the merch. The second thing is the venue, right? And the third thing is ticketing. And again all of these can later be extensible into like their own broader sort of pop-up things. So we started working and thinking about like the merch and the ticketing. So she has one Grok Bot actually designing
[07:07:24] Eric: the ticketing, which in itself could be a collectible item. And we've another one thinking through merch ideas. And Matt expressed that from a merch POV there are two things he cares about. The first is you like utility and craft. So like a hoodie or like a hat, like a really well done one. The second one is like novelty. Exactly. The second is novelty. So you talked about how a friend once gave him like a Snorlax plushie. He really appreciated that. And I mentioned, you know, as a guy I feel like
[07:07:46] Eric: my favorite novelty toy is like a tungsten cube. And then Lauren brought some ideas actually where it was like oh, maybe like it's not just a tungsten cube, maybe it's a tungsten figurine in the shape of a Grok Bot which then evolved into what if you could actually customize it? Like what if you had different Grok Bot plushies because there's so many characters which then evolved into what if if it's going to be a plushie, why not program in some functionality into it as well? Like you could have
[07:08:06] Roshan: Yeah. That's cool. That's Yeah.
[07:08:11] Eric: one Grok Bot plushie with the job is just to update you what's happening in your Slack.
[07:08:16] Eric: Honestly I don't know if I would actually want that as a founder. I feel like I 'm on my phone checking it all the time anyways. But there's something interesting here on like if we're talking about pop-ups it's the manifestation of your company. The Grok Bot plushie could be the manifestation of a Grok Bot, right? Where you can actually program it to do simple things.
[07:08:32] Eric: And uh that's where we left off Don. And then we were thinking more about how do we actually leverage the bots to do this. Like one bot's thinking through ticketing, one bot's thinking through the merch. And then uh we got very lucky and you came back. So that's that's sort of catching you up.
[07:08:36] Roshan: No, yeah.
[07:08:43] Roshan: I just recorded all that. So let me maybe feed that into a bot and maybe we spin up a merch bot whose job it is to help us like pin a bunch of really cool merch and figure out what's doable.
[07:08:44] Eric: Yeah, of course. Yeah. Cool. Let's do it.
[07:08:53] Lauren: Cool. Okay, cool. I got my merch bot hooked up to Grok Imagine. But it I guess it doesn't really know it's got some like random merch which are which are kind of cool I guess, but it's not
[07:09:09] Roshan: It's yeah, informative.
[07:09:10] Lauren: It it's kind of messed up the Grok Bot logo. I forgot to tell it to do that first. So uh let me let me try and cook more on that and see.
[07:09:14] Roshan: Mhm. Maybe we should also like would it help if we found a supplier and then we like grounded some of this merch and things that actually exist? Um or like we had a way to
[07:09:21] Lauren: Oh yeah. Sure.
[07:09:25] Roshan: basically like maybe feed via API or website like what merch options it has and then Grok Bot like pick that merch.
[07:09:30] Eric: You could you could like go to you could like scrape Alibaba, right? Or like Taobao. You could even have it like do outreach to like Alibaba and Taobao and spend like $1,000. We're probably not going to do this. I'm just saying it. Tungsten cube manufacturers and be like how cheap can you make them?
[07:09:43] Roshan: I'll start doing some research on on how we can do that uh using Grok Bot.
[07:09:47] Eric: I feel like we should come up with like two or three really just like perfect examples of merch. You know, like two two or three like really well curated things that we think we could actually get. And it might be a good way to like pair it down.
[07:09:54] Roshan: Mhm. For sure. Totally agree. Yeah.
[07:09:58] Eric: He's like there are so many ideas. He's being a good PM. He's like we got to only do a few.
[07:10:04] Roshan: Yeah, yeah. Well, that's that's part of it, right? It's like you want it to be like
[07:10:06] Eric: Yeah.
[07:10:08] Roshan: intentional, like sort of intentionally thought of, intentionally designed. Um and I I don't know about you, but I feel like sometimes there's this bit of like less is more where you really want to you know, like knock it out of the park on one or two or three key things. So
[07:10:16] Eric: So much. Well then I'm going to I'm going to toss the PM hat to you. We've discussed many many ideas. What do you think is the first one that you're most excited about?
[07:10:25] Roshan: Well for the merch?
[07:10:26] Eric: Yeah. Or for the products or of everything we just mentioned.
[07:10:29] Roshan: Well I don't want to I don't want to scope creep too much, but I think it could be really interesting when you know, maybe if you're registering for the pop-up you can choose your favorite merch item. Like maybe we could show you a gallery of some of the possible like merch We could we could make a little bit of like a gallery where like in the registration experience you can kind of you know, pick pick your merch item. You can kind of see some previews of what that would look like. Maybe like something
[07:10:50] Roshan: cool. And this might be a stretch goal, like a 3D interactive thing. You can spin it around and see it in 3D space. I know that the uh there's like a bunch of MCPs out there for like 3D design and stuff. And that could be a really fun thing to do. Or um you know, I feel like one of the things that I always think about when I go to events is just like wanting to know that I'm sort of you know, getting something unique or getting something special. And earlier today we were talking a lot about how
[07:10:52] Eric: Yeah.
[07:10:59] Eric: Yeah.
[07:11:11] Roshan: we want this to be a We each want to bring something special to the event. So I wonder if we build that into the registration experience and that could actually be something
[07:11:18] Eric: If we don't If we go in that direction where we going to leverage like the graphic customization capabilities and like show visualizations, it really makes me feel like we should just lean more into like for this IRL pop-up build a Grok Bot. Like you have characters for your bots. You can like create a physical manifestation. You can design it. You can visualize it. You can see it. And you can assign it a function, right? Like kind of what I talked about. It doesn't have to be Slack updates. Maybe
[07:11:29] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah. I could always use an assist. I don't know.
[07:11:38] Eric: it's just like the weather outside. Although technically if you're outside touching grass already, the fact that you would need your Grok Bot plushie to tell you what the weather is is a little
[07:11:48] Eric: Yeah yeah, you're not you're not sure. You're just like Grok Bot, please explain to me like
[07:11:50] Roshan: Yeah, yeah. Help me interact with the world around me. I like that. I like that.
[07:11:53] Eric: But like but giving people the ability to customize literally at their own IRL Grok Bot like that that could be fun and you could visualize it using the tools you said.
[07:11:57] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What are your top three? I heard a bunch of ideas.
[07:12:03] Eric: I think I mean to be honest after hearing you describe this visualization idea, I think my my favorite one is this fact build which again was somebody from the chat was like build a Grok Bot.
[07:12:11] Roshan: Yeah.
[07:12:11] Eric: It's like this entire workshop is us building our own Grok Bots to build a company that will now build you physical Grok Bots.
[07:12:18] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Very meta.
[07:12:20] Eric: It it is very meta. But it's like in a way it's a loop. A strange loop.
[07:12:22] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah, I love that. I love that. Um awesome. Well, it sounds like we have some merch ideas floating around.
[07:12:29] Lauren: Uh well, yeah, I have I have a few. I mean I need to iterate a little bit, but like those could be some I mean the eyes are a little bit off, but
[07:12:33] Eric: Oh wait, wait, that's cool. He he they're just very tiny.
[07:12:39] Lauren: Like I don't know why you're like like that, but we just need to tweak it a little bit.
[07:12:43] Roshan: There was a cool cool comment in the chat.
[07:12:45] Lauren: And then I also have uh another bot working on creating some cool ticket ideas.
[07:12:51] Roshan: Nice.
[07:12:53] Lauren: Um so we can actually like Well, I'll probably want to find uh a printer we can actually print from.
[07:12:59] Eric: Yeah, yeah. I have uh printer would be good. I know I know some merch connections, so we could start to research that. I can start doing some research on like a your printer for tickets or something.
[07:13:05] Lauren: Yeah. Yeah, tickets.
[07:13:09] Eric: Okay.
[07:13:10] Lauren: Cuz I think the tickets are almost like a collectible in itself. And then like you sign up and then we'll like
[07:13:12] Eric: Yeah, you can maybe Yeah. Yeah.
[07:13:15] Lauren: mail it to you or something.
[07:13:17] Eric: Or we give it to you on site. We give it to you on site. On site.
[07:13:19] Roshan: So you come in with a generic ticket like if you are going to go to something and then like you actually exchange it for like your collectible ticket that you can carry or maybe you have a badge or a name tag. Now we're going a little crazy with it.
[07:13:28] Eric: No, this is Yeah, it might be worth down scoping a little bit and just focusing again on like the system that we're building and like what we're trying to deliver, which is an experience for which we need a venue, uh merch, and then the people that we're we're going to collect that.
[07:13:39] Roshan: Yeah. This is a good merch exploration.
[07:13:41] Lauren: But are you really locking in the venues like
[07:13:43] Roshan: Uh I mean we need to work on them.
[07:13:45] Eric: Wait, let's get a bot to like figure out the venues.
[07:13:47] Roshan: I have a list of venues that don't matter that you know, if they start doing outreach, so
[07:13:48] Lauren: Okay, should I should I make a a bot? Do you have a bot template you can share with me?
[07:13:52] Roshan: A bot template for what?
[07:13:53] Lauren: Finding venues.
[07:13:54] Roshan: Finding venues.
[07:13:55] Lauren: Well since my I'm sharing my screen so I guess I should show
[07:13:58] Roshan: Yeah, absolutely.
[07:13:58] Lauren: some of the I'll find the venue, my operator research here. Create a template and I'll get that over to you.
[07:14:02] Eric: To to me the best part of every hackathon is when you get to a point where like wait, I actually want this to happen. Like I actually want there to now be this pop-up where I'm going to go and get my Grok Bot plushie.
[07:14:12] Lauren: Yeah.
[07:14:12] Roshan: I love that.
[07:14:13] Eric: You know, and maybe you can actually do things as well.
[07:14:15] Roshan: Yeah, yeah. This is awesome. Okay.
[07:14:16] Eric: Yeah. Wait, so who who's going to figure out the the the venues? I know you already have it pulled up, but you have the screen share. So which one should we go with?
[07:14:24] Roshan: Um oh, the venues are Notion, actually.
[07:14:25] Eric: Oh, great.
[07:14:26] Roshan: Uh well then maybe we should have Grok Bot just like reach out to all of them.
[07:14:26] Lauren: Can we like You could just be like link Notion if you have
[07:14:30] Eric: We can figure out Where's the Notion?
[07:14:32] Roshan: The Notion What do you mean the
[07:14:33] Lauren: The link me the Notion.
[07:14:34] Roshan: Okay, sweet. I'll send you a Slack.
[07:14:35] Eric: Uh to the comments I I am on X. I'm really bad at X. I have very few followers. But if you just Google if you Google it you'll you'll you'll find it. This is this is my name. Some of you were asking.
[07:14:45] Lauren: Uh I don't know about what what are these?
[07:14:49] SPEAKER_03: Okay.
[07:14:49] Lauren: No no no no. Uh I'll say
[07:14:50] Roshan: That's a little bit Yeah, it's a little a little interesting.
[07:14:52] Eric: That's Well, that's cool. I like how the bot
[07:14:55] Lauren: I think it doesn't really know how the
[07:14:57] Roshan: Yeah. I like how the bot just threw these up on a local URL on its computer. So you could just go and yeah, and just check them out.
[07:15:00] Eric: Oh, did it Oh, is it local host?
[07:15:05] Eric: Uh I think it's also funny that your merch Grok Bot is named Drop. And I asked to create a merch Dropbot that also got named Drop. And so I guess Dropbot has some right?
[07:15:10] Roshan: It's a Grok Bot. It's It's too conversion evolution there. Yeah, yeah.
[07:15:17] Eric: This is a total sign out. But I feel like you know how you have templates right now or for the bots you can share around.
[07:15:22] Roshan: Yeah.
[07:15:22] Eric: I feel like one day you could have like
[07:15:25] Eric: a whole theme where you can spin up an army of bots and they all follow one theme, like potato named puns. Or like Sonic Sonic the hedgehog themed puns. And just spin up more bots with those names.
[07:15:32] Roshan: Right. All right. This is cool.
[07:15:39] Eric: Oh man.
[07:15:39] Roshan: Lauren just sent you some of the uh the venues. And then I'm working on getting a little template for you.
[07:15:47] Eric: Oh
[07:15:48] Eric: oh, I'll figure this one this one out later. Like I'll sign in this stuff.
[07:15:55] Eric: Yes, you someone said if you Jennings sold Grok Bot plushies I would buy one. Yes, good.
[07:16:00] Eric: So someone said told me to get good at X. I'm trying guys. I'm trying.
[07:16:05] Eric: Yeah, I really like this like build a Grok Bot plushie, but like maybe you can program an actual functionality. Or if that's too complicated, maybe you can do like one of three things, you know?
[07:16:15] Roshan: Yeah.
[07:16:16] Eric: Also I feel like this is good for the Grok Bot brand if you people around San Francisco and the world carrying their actual Grok Bots, you know?
[07:16:21] Roshan: Totally agree. Yeah, little bag chain or something. Yeah yeah.
[07:16:24] Eric: Yeah, it's not just an AI interface.
[07:16:25] Roshan: Yeah, yeah. Very cool, very cool. What else did you guys cover while I was gone? So it sounds like there's a bunch of discussion on merch. Uh how's the rest of the building doing?
[07:16:33] Eric: Well, she's got ticketing designs. We just talked about like figuring out venues, which I assume would be outreach to the venue owners. Uh that's pretty much it. That's what we've done so far.
[07:16:43] Roshan: I love it. Love it. Awesome. Yeah.
[07:16:51] Roshan: Cool cool. And we're also coming up on our next session, I believe. Uh got my my little papers here. So we'll have in about 5 minutes 6 minutes uh Grok Bot for founders. Um let's show
[07:17:03] Eric: Awesome.
[07:17:03] Roshan: one of our one of our very own uh startups growth folks. So we're going to cut over to that in about 5 minutes just to heads up.
[07:17:09] Roshan: Cool. You know, one thing Eric that I wanted to just pick your brain on. So I know um Carrot is like a platform for creators and folks who are creating content, right? And one of the things these guys are going to hate me for this cuz I've been like harping on platforms all morning. Um but we've been talking a little bit about how you know, you know, we're going to go run this pop-up. But maybe some of the software we build is generalizable for other people to run their own. I'm just curious like
[07:17:12] Eric: Yes.
[07:17:17] Eric: Yeah.
[07:17:23] Eric: Yeah.
[07:17:32] Eric: Yes.
[07:17:33] Roshan: yeah, what are your thoughts on just like platform businesses and you as your experience kind of being a founder of one of these? And curious like obviously there's a a stretch goal for us coming out of these three days. But you know, just giving your experience I would love to hear kind of what some of the ideas could that that we've been cooking up. Like what parts of these that of what we built do you think would generally
[07:17:38] Eric: Yeah, totally.
[07:17:47] Eric: Actually that
[07:17:50] Eric: No, it's it's a brilliant question. And I'll say two things. The first thing is applying to my own company. And the second is like for example when I used to work at Instagram. So for our own company, so the one-liner I gave when I came on is we do banking and credit for creators.
[07:18:02] Roshan: Yeah.
[07:18:02] Eric: Over time that's actually expanded because yes, we initially built for YouTubers. So some of the biggest streamers in the world like uh Alex Botez, a chess streamer, or like Ludwig, they actually use us. But when we built all of the primitives to help these creative entrepreneurs bank their businesses and get credit, at a certain point you're like why can't I extend this to other types of businesses too?
[07:18:24] Roshan: Yeah.
[07:18:25] Eric: And so now we've gradually expanded to other types of founders small medium businesses.
[07:18:28] Roshan: One of the things that creators like love the most when it comes to that like I I such a unique like user to be working with. Yeah.
[07:18:32] Eric: Yeah.
[07:18:34] Eric: So today banks generally suck because they're just dumb buckets for you to put your money in and then nothing ever happens. The dream is you build a bank that actually helps you grow as a business. That's what we're releasing next year. But like for creators an example of that is we put them up on billboards because for creator when they're featured up on a billboard that's content for them. Or we put together events where they meet each other and they network. And so for me I think of a bank as
[07:18:45] Roshan: Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
[07:19:01] Eric: like an archaic term we had to have in the 1950s when you needed like a brick and mortar institution holding your dollars. And now we in this new age have to think about is here's a company that's licensed and regulated to hold your money and has federally guaranteed insurance
[07:19:16] Eric: by holding your money and seeing the inflows and outflows, combining that with AI what can it now tell you about your business that you didn't know before that would help you grow? That's the direction we're actually moving.
[07:19:27] Roshan: I love that. And like for those of you who are on the stream who saw Cody Sanchez earlier, I think there's some callbacks to that in terms of like helping help like really it comes down to helping people grow their businesses, right? So for creators that's a creator business where they're like pouring their heart and soul into it and want to be able to go to that. For maybe, you know, folks who are coordinating events maybe that's an angle we should think about with the platform here. How do you
[07:19:38] Eric: Yeah. Yeah. See for for me and I've I've had Cody on my podcast as well. And I think of it is the exact purpose of what we're doing right now is also to answer your initial question.
[07:19:47] Roshan: really focus on you know, helping them grow their their top line, their bottom line, like really just like bring revenue into their own businesses.
[07:19:55] Roshan: Yeah.
[07:20:01] Eric: Grok Bot might initially be adopted by all of us in San Francisco who are very AI pilled. But the broader goal for AI to truly have a beneficial effect on the economy is for everybody to learn how to use it. And what I think you've done with Grok Bot you've built it in a user interface and with familiarity such that we hope one day all small medium business owners would use it, right? Like Joe Plumber might want to use that. That's why I think it's really interesting. To your initial question, we're
[07:20:06] Roshan: Yeah.
[07:20:20] Roshan: Yeah.
[07:20:22] Roshan: Yeah.
[07:20:25] Eric: building it for initially use case which is like us. But if we get the primitives right it should be able to expand to much bigger demographic. That's what we're doing at Carrot. That's also what we're doing right here right now. We're doing the pop-up for us, but eventually it could be a platform for others.
[07:20:32] Roshan: Yeah.
[07:20:38] Roshan: Yeah, I love that. So I think we have 3 minutes left. My uh one thing I was I'm curious about before we cut over to Shoob uh
[07:20:47] Roshan: when it comes to creators and Grok Bot like what do you think for any of the creators who are watching and listening on the stream right now? Like what are some cool ways creators could use Grok Bot? Just from your experience kind of having played the product a little bit and kind of having hung out with us a little bit.
[07:20:57] Eric: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So my main thought is uh AI is most useful. And this actually believe comes from catchy PT. AI is most useful when it generates output that is both correct and verifiable, right?
[07:21:11] Roshan: Mhm.
[07:21:12] Eric: The main issue today is when it's not verifiable you don't know if it's good. That's how you get quote unquote slop. I think for creators what's correct and verifiable is actually less the creative part of what they do. Yeah, it's more the monetizable piece. So if you're a creator brand deals, right? Today you traditionally once upon a time in Hollywood depending on agents and gatekeepers to figure that out, now anybody can build a brand online and then go and monetize it by finding the right brand
[07:21:25] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Yeah. I love that. I love that.
[07:21:35] Eric: partners by having four different Grok Bots, right? One to figure out which are the right brands to reach out to. The second is actually go and reach out to them. The third is to negotiate the race. The fourth is to come up with content ideas. Like that's just one example for a creator. I think there are versions of that for every business owner. You just look at your workflows and you ask what is a workflow and loop that is verifiable? Like I can look at it and know if it works. Like coding is an
[07:21:56] Eric: example of a loop that's verifiable. That's where you should go and have Grok Bot just go crazy.
[07:22:01] Eric: Yeah. Cool. Well, with a minute left I guess I know you said you're not super active on X, but there's tons of love in the chat. Where where can people find you? Where can people learn more about what you're doing?
[07:22:08] Roshan: Yes. So so on on X sadly uh it's just my company try Carrot. It's like not very large. I am so sorry. Uh if you Google
[07:22:19] Eric: It might be larger after this.
[07:22:21] Roshan: It might be If you Google me you can find all the other places that I'm online and bigger, but I would never dare say their name while we're here on X because that's the main platform we're talking here about. So I I just want to say uh it was so much fun coming on. And like to all the folks listening, look, you can see the excitement. We're just like oh my gosh, like look what we can do with Grok Bot. I think that's really the takeaway we want you to take away as well. And uh yeah, this this has
[07:22:30] Eric: I love it. I love it. Awesome.
[07:22:43] Roshan: been a lot of fun. Unfortunately in uh a few seconds I turned into pumpkin. It's been lovely getting to say hi.
[07:22:50] Lauren: Yeah, it was so nice to have you.
[07:22:51] Eric: Yeah, you too.
[07:22:51] Lauren: Yeah, thank you so much.
[07:22:52] Roshan: Awesome. Next uh Howard from San Francisco we got Grok Bot for founders. Shoob are take it away.
[07:22:53] Eric: All righty.
[07:23:17] Shub: All right. Hello everyone.
[07:23:19] Shub: Welcome. Uh really excited you all are here. And uh thank you for letting me interrupt the cooking session that's happening on the live stream. And also for joining this workshop about Grok Bot for founders. I'm Shoob and I spend a ton of time with founders helping them optimize their Grok Bot setups and ship quickly. And so I'm very lucky to be pushing this product to its limits. And today I want to share some of those learnings with you guys and hopefully get into some live demos. So let's get straight
[07:23:47] Shub: to it. Um I'll start with what we're going to talk about. Over the next 60 to 90 minutes we will run through some really quick context around Grok Bot, why it's particularly useful for founders. And then finally obviously some demos. We got to have those. Uh we will close out with some tips for power users that people seem to love. And then also try to do some Q&A for at least the folks that are here with us present live. Uh the final bonus piece I will add is that I'll be sharing one of these bots
[07:24:17] Shub: at the end so you can steal it for yourself. Uh I wish I had like a call now number, but you know, we'll we'll make do. Uh also there will be a few of you in this session that are not founders. You will have snuck in, which is awesome. Kudos. A lot of this will still apply to you, especially if you are head of X at your company. So stay posted. And for those of you with Grok Bots watching this session this is the time for you to probably watch it live cuz we got some cool stuff going on. So let's
[07:24:42] Shub: get straight to it.
[07:24:44] Shub: A few of you have probably already seen some version of an AI maturity curve. Everyone is freaking out about this these days. Uh but for us we are really optimistic with how the world of AI is changing.
[07:24:55] Shub: As models improve and the tooling improves we are able to scale our productivity quite a bit. And so you'll see that we started with chatbots, moved on to ephemeral agents that finish a task and then you kind of throw them away. And now bots are kind of this next iteration of what we're really pumped about, which is bots that automate your jobs and bots that you can have around for a really long time. The key part is that these bots actually compound. And I think that's the most important piece
[07:25:22] Shub: is you let them do a task, but you don't throw them away. You keep them around, you invest in them, and they get better with you the same way an employee would. Finally what we're aiming for is this world where you can just fully automate a staff function for yourself and scale yourself with a team of bots. And we're getting pretty close to that internally. We've seen some external examples of that. And I want to share some of that today. But we're really excited about what Grok Bot can do. And I
[07:25:48] Shub: know this is all very high level, so maybe we get into the specifics really quickly. How many of you here have used Grok Bot before? Just quick check live at least. Perfect. Most of you it seems. Uh so I will blaze through this. Uh Grok Bot is obviously a new tool that you can talk to just like a coworker or a teammate. You basically text it like iMessage. And it can go off and do a lot of really cool things for you. It is very proactive and very ambitious. And the reason it can do those things is
[07:26:15] Shub: because we've armed it with its own computer. So unlike traditional agents where they don't have the MCP or the API or some sort of direct connection to what they need to do uh Grok Bots can go off and do things on their own even if they don't have the perfect level of access. And we'll get into how that works in the demos really quickly. But they learn from you. They're proactive like I said and they have their own device. And so they can not only connect to other products directly, but they can
[07:26:42] Shub: use your tools the same way you would. And I'll explain what that means in a second. But overall what you need to know is
[07:26:49] Shub: you can assign Grok Bot's tasks completely end to end. So for you all you need to do is delegate to them. And the mental load of having to check on your agents and make sure they've done their work is gone because in the ideal state a bot just handles the full end to end flow for you just like a colleague would. And they just figure it out as I like to say.
[07:27:09] Shub: Okay, with that
[07:27:11] Shub: obviously ton of founders in here. And so you probably know what Grok Bot is and you're wondering what can this thing do for me? And so there are a few things that are really important to understand. First, you all know your responsibilities as founders, right? You have three key execution pieces that either make or break your company. And those are one, you need to preserve your focus. You have a trillion things hitting you all day. Two, you need to do that while maintaining velocity across all
[07:27:36] Shub: of the things that your team is shipping. And then finally you need to really protect protect your ability to make great high quality insights all day. That means good decisions and planning for the future. And Grok Bot is uniquely positioned to make all of this way easier. You'll see some features up here on this slide. But I think most importantly Grok Bot can handle all of the distractions in your day-to-day work, the stuff that is necessary, but not necessarily the most important. You can just
[07:28:04] Shub: hand off to Grok Bot. And that mental load that it saves you is probably more important than anything else I'm going to talk about today. And so it's worth you taking the time to audit what that means for you. The second is like I said it can get its tasks done end to end. And so that means you really want to prompt your bots to do all of the work for you, not just parts of it the same way you're used to today, but really do all of it. That includes the execution and the verification of what it's
[07:28:29] Shub: done.
[07:28:30] Shub: And then finally I think there are large amounts of information that we're all consuming every single day. My screen time on X today is very embarrassing. And I'm sure your guys hopefully is too. And what that means is there's just a constant flow of information. In order for you to maintain the same level of quality on your insights, you need to find a way to triage that entire fire hose. And Grok Bots are really well positioned to do all of that. Okay, with that
[07:28:56] Shub: it's pretty clear to most of us now that this is the best time in history to build something, especially in software. And Lingji, who's one of our engineers, he was talking earlier, mentioned that he can ship way faster with Grok Bot than he ever could before. I'm sure all of you have seen this at this point by kicking off cloud agents.
[07:29:13] Shub: There is this ability to delegate these full tasks that I will harp on forever. You can automate a lot of the pieces that you have to think about constantly with routines so you can have them set on schedules, on webhooks, on signals so that once they're taking care of once they can just happen forever. And then finally, and I think most importantly on this slide is you can do things that don't scale, except you can actually scale them, which is really cool. I'll get into a demo around how that
[07:29:39] Shub: works. But we've all heard the stories of how most startups win their first customer. There's some sort of hacky approach where you build some very niche
[07:29:48] Shub: super janky prototype and just hope that it works for them. And then when they finally sign that contract you breathe a sigh of relief and then you do it 100 times again. And so with this and with Grok Bot you can now
[07:30:00] Shub: make all of this happen without the constant headache that comes with it. And I'll get into a demo about that in a second. But, we're very excited about what this means for founders specifically because you're all generally the most high agency people out there. And so, if you have a product that enables that agency, we get to some very very cool ships coming out in the next few years.
[07:30:19] Shub: Okay. Let's get into some use cases that I'll be harping on today.
[07:30:23] Shub: Obviously, you all experience your own unique pain points, but these are a pretty good reference point for how you can use Grok Bot in your day-to-day. And the form I'm going to talk about are, first, closing customers. So, this is the do things that don't scale part. It is way easier now than it has ever been to take your customers and go with them end-to-end without you having to do a lot of that hand holding and the intimate conversations. You can really focus on just getting your bot to handle
[07:30:51] Shub: most of it and then step in when absolutely needed.
[07:30:54] Shub: The second is product changes. As you know, engineers ship way faster now. You're probably shipping way faster. And staying across that many people shipping that quickly can sometimes leave you with some pretty embarrassing moments. There were actually times when I was demoing Grok Bot in its earliest forms and we removed a certain feature uh that was in the sidebar. And I was so used to pointing at it. And when it was unshipped because I was just you know busy that day, I didn't see it. And so,
[07:31:21] Shub: I was kind of demoing and pointing at nothing, which was really embarrassing. I hope someone else has gone through that experience because it is not fun. But, this will go through how you can stay across all these product changes. The third is adapting to competitors. I think this is the most fun demo we're going to do today and also one that 's been pretty useful for me at least. And so basically, there is now an opportunity because these bots can work as you to go through other products and other
[07:31:46] Shub: competitors and get a lot more insight than you ever could manually. And then finally, shipping feedback quickly. We all get feedback all day. Believe me, we get more feedback than probably anyone and a lot of it is not very nice. So, please be nice to us. Uh but, shipping feedback quickly is super important. And so, I will go through how you can do that as a founder.
[07:32:06] Shub: All right. Without further ado, let's meet my squad here. Uh we're going to go through four bots today. The first is the close bot. That is the one that handles my customers. The second is prod bot, which is what figures out what's been shipped and helps me stay across all of it. The third is stock bot. That is the competition stalker. And the fourth is proto bot, which is pretty fun. Uh it makes some designs for me, but it also turns feedback into PRs. And then we have a little guest star that
[07:32:32] Shub: I'll talk about in a second. Okay. With that, let's get into the actual demos.
[07:32:39] Shub: All right. Here is my Grok Bot interface. I'm on a demo interface right now. Usually, there's a lot more mess on this screen. So, hopefully it's a little cleaner and easier to parse for you guys. The first bot I'll start with is close bot. And there are two key things that I want you guys to keep in mind while I go through this. The first is remember that your bots can compound. So, you can constantly be feeding them insights and information and they will store it, reference it when necessary and
[07:33:06] Shub: get better over time, which is really important. The second thing is like I said, they can use your computer and work with your tools, which gets really important as you start to try to do things end-to-end. So, close bot here, and I'll leave a little cheat sheet on the side for you guys, does a few things. It focuses on prepping calls. So, when you need to talk to a customer, it will do a ton of deep research on them. It'll look through our telemetry and what we've done with them and make sure
[07:33:31] Shub: that we have complete insight into how they work. And then it will finally do a walk through of what they're building and their site in case it's relevant to what we talk about. Uh there are a few other steps, but I'll start by asking my bot to prep the call. And in this case again, I'm in a demo environment. I don't want to leak anyone's personal data or any company's personal data. But, this bot will go off and basically prep a call for this company that we're calling Northwind. And the way it
[07:34:00] Shub: does this and the way I actually do this right now is it pulls all of the data for its usage. So, if you are a founder and you obviously have that telemetry, it is very good for customers that are just trying out your product or on a free trial to understand what they're actually doing within your product. And then also to understand who they are. Those are probably the two most important things before you get onto a customer call because that is how you resonate with them in the quickest manner
[07:34:26] Shub: possible. Again, you don't have that long with these folks. You generally have around you know 15 to 20 minutes with your customers. And so, what's really important is you get to the crux of what they need and match it with what you're doing. And bots help you do that really quickly. And so right now, it's going through essentially some demo prep. But, what I'll show you is an example of what I tend to use day-to-day when I talk to founders. This is a called prep HTML file. Obviously, it doesn't
[07:34:55] Shub: look perfect and that doesn't matter cuz I'm not sending it to anyone. It's just for me. But basically, the goal of this is to really understand who these people are that I'm going to be talking to, what their product does, which Grok Bot will research on its own, and then walking through their site. The reason the site is really important is actually because the site tells you a lot about what they care about first and foremost, which is why I like including some screenshots of what they're building.
[07:35:19] Shub: But more importantly, I am constantly finding bugs on people's sites. And it is so nice for me to just be able to go to them and say hey, fix this thing. Look, your cookie banner is on top of your submit button and that sucks for everyone. So, just go fix it. And for them, it's really nice cuz they get some feedback that's super actionable. And so, my bot has gotten very good at figuring out what will resonate with folks. And so, I have it do this every single time. And without fail, it has found
[07:35:45] Shub: some issue that comes up with some site, which is a really cool way to open a call. So, just one of those quality of life things. As we keep scrolling, you'll see these are placeholder numbers. But, you'll see that you get a lot of the activity that's really relevant to what you want to talk to them about. So, we know in this case that these folks already have some seats. They already have done some meetings. Uh this product is like a meeting tool. They have some sort of arrangement. And because
[07:36:10] Shub: I can look at this graph, I can see what their usage looks like. And so, I look at this every single time when I talk to founders to try and understand are they really accelerating and is there a specific feature that I need to work with them on or are they declining and there's some sort of objection that I need to get into? With you guys, you will all have your own versions of this use case. But, it is so so important to just spend 5 minutes before the call figuring this stuff out.
[07:36:35] Shub: Now, for the really cool part that I'm a little conflicted on uh recommendations.
[07:36:40] Shub: The bot has gotten very good at figuring out what I need to talk to founders about and in your case what you will probably need to talk to customers about. And what that means is it will give me a few key recommendations about what I should do with that founder or customer on that call. And so, the most important piece for you guys as you have your customer conversations is to come in armed with some sort of knowledge. And this automates getting some of that knowledge. There are a few other pieces
[07:37:06] Shub: here. It talks about some risks. And I think the most important part is that you come in prep. You don't have to spend the hour and a half of your time doing this and it does it on a routine. So, every day it will look at my calendar and look at the meetings that I have and just prep them. And I can trust 5 minutes before I can go in and read that stuff.
[07:37:26] Shub: Okay. So, that's part one, which is prepping the call.
[07:37:30] Shub: Part two is what happens after the call, right? We want to go end-to-end. We don't just want to stop there. And so, the same bot also does a little bit of the compounding for me. And what that means is after every call, it will review the granola transcript and figure out what that person resonated with or didn't. And you can do this with all of your customer calls as well, right? And arm your teams with it. You basically have your bot look at every single transcript. And for example, if in this
[07:37:55] Shub: case I was talking about some new note taking feature that they didn't really care about and they expressed that within the call. For the next one, for the preparation document, this tool will get better at making sure that I'm not talking about that feature again unless it's really relevant. And so over time, if you give this two or three weeks, it becomes really really powerful because not only do you not have to go through other people calls and you can leverage theirs, but your calls just get
[07:38:21] Shub: way better. And you stop tripping over yourself when you talk about the same things.
[07:38:25] Shub: Okay. That's part two. Part three is support. Basically, we have a lot of customers and a lot of them need support. And right now, there are not enough people to support all of those customers on their own just one-on-one. And so, you need to be able to scale up your support. And a lot of founders leave this to the very last thing. Believe me, I've been there. Uh and it makes your life very very tough to handle both getting new customers through the funnel and then also supporting the pre-existing
[07:38:53] Shub: ones. And so, you have a real opportunity to automate this with Grok Bot. But, the most important part that makes this really work well is that you spend the time empowering your bot to actually support your customers. And what that means is you not only connect it to your data, but you connect it to your billing and you connect it to the risky pieces that you're scared to give because that is where most of the support struggle happens. And so, that in combination with the compounding piece leads
[07:39:20] Shub: us to this really cool fourth section, which is activation. And so, a lot of you probably know your wow moment at this point. You know when your customer is activated. You know when they're going to stick around. And so, how do you incentivize more of that, right? How do you decrease time to value? One of the easiest ways to do that is to give people money so that they get there. And it doesn't have to be much, right? But, just getting them across that hump is what turns people into great customers.
[07:39:46] Shub: And so, I have hooked up this bot to actually do the work and when an activation event happens where in this case again I'm using a note taking app, if a template is shared with your teammates, we have $1,000, which is a crazy example uh ready to send. And it will automatically send that email with those credits so that that user or that customer can leverage those credits and they feel rewarded in that moment. And so, instead of you having to monitor every single customer's journey and do this
[07:40:15] Shub: manually or taking a tool and building it from scratch, you can just offload it to your bot and not think about it again. And it will run the campaign on its own.
[07:40:24] Shub: Okay. There are a few other pieces that are pretty obvious around the end-to-end customer journey, right? You want them to sign contracts which you can get Grok Bot to go back and forth with them on. You want them to figure out your pipeline and actually generate it without bound, which Grok Bot is very good at. And then you want it to actually make sure that your calendar is filled and it can access your calendar and do that every single time. So, these are all things that happen autonomously. And
[07:40:49] Shub: I no longer need to worry about 99% of this journey. There are cases where I want to step in with a customer and I want to understand hey, why didn't this call resonate? I want to go deeper. And for now, what that means is I spend my time doing that, which is actually very enjoyable. I actually enjoy talking to customers. So, that's what I meant when I was saying like this is a little emotionally complicated for me and that some of this is really fun to do. And so, I have to intentionally go in
[07:41:12] Shub: and steal some of this back from my bots rather than letting them do all of it. But uh it is a very very cool time to be able to scale to thousands of customers with just your bots instead of you having to go do this yourself. In that way, like I said, you can focus on making good decisions consistently, maintaining velocity, and maintaining focus.
[07:41:32] Shub: Okay. That was bot number one.
[07:41:34] Shub: Let's go to bot number two.
[07:41:37] Shub: This is prod bot. Uh I mentioned that example earlier where as you start to have more and more engineers shipping more things and unshipping more things, you're doing it yourself, you get confused around what's live and isn't. So, prod bot is basically a bot that
[07:41:54] Shub: does a lot of this work for you in terms of staying across what's been shipped. And so, I'm currently asking it to give me a daily rundown of Flylow, which is the demo surface that we used earlier in the PM conversation as well. And Flylow is a tool for flights and airlines and booking travel. And what I like to have this bot do in my actual day-to-day is not only go through all of the PRs and the linear issues that come in, but also walk through the product end-to-end itself. Remember, your bots
[07:42:27] Shub: have their own computer. So, they can use whatever surfaces you use. And in this case, that means going through the site that the bot is assigned to, figuring out what has changed, and then mapping it to its experience. So, if it has a login for the specific site, it can do a lot of this work for you. You can see some of it popping up right now. Uh what you'll notice if I scroll through this is it's giving me a rundown. So, it gives me here's what's shipped. Uh these are some examples of things
[07:42:53] Shub: that have shipped recently. It also gives me things that were unshipped so I avoid that embarrassment again. And most importantly, it will give me some decisions and some key things where you know now that we ship quickly, we don't intentionally make all of these micro decisions all the time. And so, it tries to catch some of those that we want to be a little more intentional about. And so overall, what you end up with is
[07:43:17] Shub: a bunch of screenshots of the site. So, the bot is going through it. And then also, you end up with a video of the bot basically running through the site itself. And so, that way you can see what it does without having to do it yourself. So, if you ever want to get in deeper, you can always ask your bot to take a video of the surface while it 's doing its work, which has become the fastest way to verify if something is done well or not.
[07:43:41] Shub: The other piece is that you can connect this to your data. So, you can actually see what the results of different ships are because you connect it to your metrics. And that way, instead of you having to view that dashboard all day, you just see it here. And it is proactively given to you, which I think is one of the most important parts about bots that they will surface information to you as relevant and as necessary. And so, I think again what's really important is as long as you enable them to
[07:44:07] Shub: have all of the right data, they can help you make great decisions and also help you stay across what your team is shipping.
[07:44:14] Shub: Okay.
[07:44:15] Shub: Now, for my favorite bot uh stock bot.
[07:44:19] Shub: Right now, everyone is probably distracted by their competitors and it is very easy to ship things. But, what's not easy is checking what other people are shipping. And so,
[07:44:31] Shub: what stock bot does is it basically will go find your competitors. It will sign up for autonomously and go through their product. And then it will give you a full rundown of basically everything they do. So, that includes what they've shipped, their change log, what they're posting on X, who they're hiring for, which is actually a really good way to get signal on what people are building. And finally, just who their team is and what they're prioritizing. And over time, this also compounds. As they
[07:45:02] Shub: learn about more and more competitors, your life becomes easier because you start to get more signals into how to position yourself in the market and then also how to counter position to what they're shipping. And so, what I'll do right now is kind of ask it to do a competitor pulse right now. And basically, I want it to
[07:45:21] Shub: check on notion and craft. Those are the two hypothetical competitors we have with this note taking app. And so, it will go off and do all of this in parallel. And it has been doing this for a while. So, it is constantly running pulses. You see some of its routines on the side here. And what you'll notice is that these routines run relatively often, every few days. But, what that also means is I don't have to do this myself. It will run the routine, come back to me if there's something relevant.
[07:45:50] Shub: And if not, it will stay silent and do its thing. And so, this is one of those ambient bots that's really important to just have around because it will get a lot of this work done for you around competitor analysis and you don't really need to think about it. And as you get exposed to more and more of these decisions that these companies are making, you actually start to build the muscle around why your decisions are different and you start to understand truly what your positioning is relative to
[07:46:16] Shub: theirs. So, you'll notice it's cooking and doing some of the the research work. What we see here is let's start with craft, which is a note taking app.
[07:46:25] Shub: Basically, it has created a little teardown in HTML if this thing loads. Uh if not, we can just look at it here. It again just created a video where it is going through and it will sign up. It will put in its information. It'll use a throwaway email address uh and then basically go through the entire flow. So, this is the onboarding flow. And it's looking through hey, what is different about their onboarding versus our onboarding uh and it gets you to the start page. It will also start to actually
[07:46:55] Shub: like test it itself. So, it will write in craft, which is again this note taking app, and tell me what went well and what didn't and then give me a little overview of how it works. Uh craft is not hiring actively right now. So, that's good for us to know. And then the final thing that I've done with this one which you know might be corporate corporate espionage, but you know do what you want with it and be responsible is basically I have it
[07:47:22] Shub: email people that have churned off. A lot of you have insights into where your customers are churning. So, you know uh from Salesforce or whatever your tool is that X customer left to Y tool. And so, you can actually go and have your bot reach out to them and understand why that is. You don't need to go win them back in that moment, but just getting that insight is really really important. And so, if you have that signal, it's another good way to course correct your positioning versus others.
[07:47:48] Shub: You can see the same thing for notion. Notion has a bunch of hiring. And so, I've kind of asked it to truncate uh because they're hiring a ton of people. But, it's still important insight to get. And so, I'm showing you these these two examples. And this is one where it's signed into its own notion account. It authenticated via email and is basically doing work in it and giving me what that experience looks like. As it starts to see the differences in what's shipped, it will focus on those specific
[07:48:15] Shub: things.
[07:48:17] Shub: Okay. Enough about this bot, but what I will say is I will share this bot after this and I will toss up a QR code. So, if you want to steal it, you totally can. All right. Let's move on to bot number four. So, bot number four is my proto bot. And this bot is basically really good for just thoughts that I have in my head when I want to get them prototyped. But also, it's really good for when we get customer feedback and we want to just explore what this would look like to ship. And so, what proto
[07:48:47] Shub: bot does really well is it actually has right now its own version of Grok Bot running on its computer. And I think I've shared this a few times before. But, I've given it its own account that is not it. It has its own separate entity. And it runs through a lot of different bots, tests them out uh and helps me with some of my prototyping and also QAing. But, I think most importantly and the reason this matters is because it has access to its own product, it can do a lot of this prototyping with the
[07:49:14] Shub: context of what the product looks like today. So, if I say pull the most recent
[07:49:21] Shub: customer feedback,
[07:49:23] Shub: it will find some demo feedback, pull it in, and then it will probably just start working on fixing it. And so, you as a founder can probably envision yourself and your product uh piping all of your feedback channels. So, that means things like X, your support inbox, or any other signals that you see in your emails and putting them all into a single pipeline that goes to a bot that just kicks off PRs and solves them.
[07:49:50] Shub: That's kind of how some of our engineers work internally, which is very cool because you'll see the full feedback loop of feedback to ship to deploy happen in hours uh which is awesome. And it happens automatically and organically, which is very cool. So, I think
[07:50:06] Shub: you guys all know that adapting to feedback is really important, especially in the early stages. You still need to make the choice about which feedback to take versus not uh because you're the visionary. Your job is supposed to be to figure that out. And in this case, the fact that you can move this quickly means the main bottleneck should be your decision making. It should be whether this
[07:50:28] Shub: feedback should be shipped or not. And so, it will basically do the work. Right now, it's saying that the customer thinks that the share button for bot templates is an exciting enough and they want it to pop. Um so, it'll probably end up working on that for a little bit, which is very fun. Uh in the meantime though, what I will show off is two final bots. One is my yap bot. So, this bot has one purpose and one purpose only. It is built and exists to talk like me. So, it looks through my emails,
[07:50:59] Shub: Slack, iMessage, any other form of communication that I've done. And it resonates from how I talk. And it doesn't just learn once. I think this comes back to the compounding piece. It learns over time. So, every week or so or you can set it to whatever schedule you want, it will take everything I've sent for the day because it has access to all those tools and essentially learn from them and get better over time. So now, I can trust this bot to go and talk as me. And what you'll notice is these
[07:51:26] Shub: other bots are actually coming in and asking it for help. So, they are proactively bringing in yap bot to go talk like me across all of the different services. And I don't need to do this myself. After they do this a few times where I encourage them, like I said, they learn to loop in the other bots as needed. And this bot might seem like a small one because it's very simple, but it's so important especially if you're trying to do any sort of outbound or move quickly on communications. It's nice
[07:51:54] Shub: to have a bot you can just trust to do this stuff.
[07:51:56] Shub: Obviously, you have some emails that are really sensitive. So, you might ask it to just keep them as drafts rather than just sending them right away. But even then, it will learn from the delta between the draft it created and what was actually sent and get better and better over time with the end division being that you don't need to think about it at all.
[07:52:13] Shub: Okay.
[07:52:14] Shub: Final tip, I have a miscellaneous bot. And this bot has one job, which is basically to be kind of a trash can for all of the random requests I have. Today, I wanted to see if Drake's album dropped. It is not yet sadly. But, what's really cool about this one is I can just ask it random things without polluting the context of the other bots. And if it ever has any important tasks to do where it needs to transfer that context, I can just ask and say hey, you learned about XYZ, go tell prod bot about
[07:52:41] Shub: what you've learned so that it can get better in the future.
[07:52:44] Shub: Sadly, Drake's album isn't out. I checked Instagram, but who knows? We'll get there maybe later tonight. Okay. Those were all my bots. I think proto bot is still still going. Uh it's kicking off the cloud agent and hopefully it finishes sometime soon. But, you'll notice because it has access to Grok Bot, it can actually just take a look at the interface without needing to go find it anywhere. And it can drive it and QA it. And as these tests happen, it's very easily verifiable whether it's shipped
[07:53:13] Shub: the right thing or not. And so, I think all of these bots are very powerful. And most importantly, they're all powerful in conjunction. So, when close bot gets some feedback, it can pass it to proto bot. Or when prod bot is trying to get across some of the key product decisions that we've made, it can pass that context off to close bot so that it can sell the right stuff. And overall, I think the key framework that you folks need to keep in mind is you want to start to try and productize yourself
[07:53:41] Shub: as much as possible and give away all of your Legos, no matter how delightful they are, so that you can focus on the highest leverage thing because that is what helps you win in a world where everyone is shipping just as fast if not faster for now. So, keep all that in mind. Uh but, those are my bots. Let's go back to presentation.
[07:53:59] Shub: Okay.
[07:54:01] Shub: Some final pieces. What we learned. Let your bots run free. I am going to say this forever. Give them access to as much as you are possibly comfortable with because that is the only way they will be able to do work end-to-end.
[07:54:13] Shub: You want to invest in them. So, you might find times where you need to course correct a bot. And with an agent, you might have the instinct of man, I spent too many tokens on course correcting it. The context is polluted. Let me just get rid of it and start a new one. In this case, your key advantage is that your bots get really good as you spend more time with them. And obviously, as the team has learned internally, the more time you spend, the better you do. And so, it's really important to really
[07:54:38] Shub: believe in your bots the same way you would with employees. And the other piece to keep in mind here is the other way to invest in them is by giving them really good skills and tools. So, it's very easy to say hey, make this cooler. And that could be your your prompt that you want your bot to execute on. But obviously, it's not going to do a great job. It's going to probably get stuck somewhere and ask you a few questions. The more intentionality you put behind that task in the first place lets
[07:55:03] Shub: you repeat it over and over again without that many hitches. And then finally, it is worth you taking 1 to 2 hours and just thinking about your day.
[07:55:13] Shub: I know that sounds dumb. I know you're like I need to move quickly, but it is so so important to just take the time. I don't care when. Just do it and figure out what you want to delegate because doing that intentionally will save you so many hours versus just spinning up bots and hoping they do things for you without having a true intent around what they should do.
[07:55:33] Shub: Okay.
[07:55:34] Shub: Now, I have a bonus round with some tips and tricks. I was watching the live stream earlier and some people were like this is expensive which is you know true in some ways, not true in others and we're working on it. Uh but, there are some really easy high leverage tips that can make your life a lot easier. The first is that browser use is super powerful and it unblocks your bot from doing a lot of things that it couldn't do if it didn't have MCPs or APIs or some other connection.
[07:56:01] Shub: But, it's also expensive to run multiple times. And the easiest way to solve for this is to bias towards using APIs and using interfaces that people have already built or to actually kind of hack it a little bit. You can ask your bot to look at network requests while it does a task once and then figure out which APIs are being hit while it's doing that task. And then go and start to just hit those directly, which takes way less time, first of all, and is also way more token efficient because you
[07:56:32] Shub: are no longer needing to go through the browser interface and you can just do it all directly. So, ask your bot. And this is true for all optimizations by the way that you guys have probably been thinking of or taking notes on. Always just ask your bot how to do it because it will figure it out for you, which is very nice. But,
[07:56:49] Shub: be wary of browser use more than once. Uh and if you can get around it and scale quickly, you absolutely should.
[07:56:55] Shub: Second piece, routines. Uh when I was looking through some of the data around the frequency of routines that people set, I was a little shocked. Uh and it freaks me out how often you guys are running things. But, I think the most important part about routines is to audit them. And you don't have to do this yourself. Again, get a bot to do it for you. But, the most important piece is be very intentional about how often your routines are running. They're really powerful, but most people over index
[07:57:22] Shub: on how often they need to be running. And they think this routine is so important I need to run it every 15 minutes, which comes out to 100 times a day. So, that is a very expensive routine. See if you can be a little more nifty with them. So, it's not just running them fewer times. If you really need a routine, try and run them on webhooks or try and run them with some sort of inbound signal that will let your bots actually take in an input and then run it rather than just having it blindly run
[07:57:47] Shub: on a schedule. So, those two things alone will probably save you a bunch in tokens. I know there were some demand for that. Okay. Even more final tips before they cane me off stage. Uh
[07:57:57] Shub: make a voice bot. Obviously, I love mine. Uh please do this for yourself. It is the most underrated way to get words out to other people. It's have a bot that copies your voice. Uh import your cookies. This lets you stay signed in across a lot of different tools. And it also stops you from having to constantly take over the bot's computer and help out. Uh group bots by expertise. This is kind of a personal preference thing, but I love having my bots grouped by what they do. And so, if a bot is really
[07:58:27] Shub: good at just handling a customer, I will give it everything customer related. And if a bot is really good at data analysis, that will be its sole job because sometimes there're weird compounding pieces that happen that we don't even know about. And so, when you're giving it to what feel like completely different tasks, you can still get some of the compounding benefits as long as they all fall under the same expertise. There are a few more on here like great skills which we talked about, how bots
[07:58:52] Shub: can learn from you, and then auto optimization routines. But, I think the last one is also pretty important. Having a bot that just exists to optimize your other bots, that means better routines, figuring out where they went wrong or where you had to ask multiple times for something and then making sure that doesn't happen again and overseeing how the other ones work and improving them is way easier than having to do a lot of this yourself. So, save yourself the time. You set it once and then you
[07:59:17] Shub: forget it, which is really nice. And I don't see enough people doing that.
[07:59:22] Shub: Okay. So, that is close to the end uh of what we've been doing here. Thank you for your time and attention. I am going to leave a QR code for stock bot if you guys want to steal it. It's a fun one. You should try and use it on us. I think that would be cool. I want to see what people come up with. Uh but, I really appreciate everyone being around. I think one of the the coolest parts about these bots and where they're headed is just how creative you can be. The uh sorry, the amount of different
[07:59:55] Shub: bots and different combinations of bots that I've seen has really blown me away. And I think founders of the
[08:00:00] Shub: perfect group to figure out the edges of this entire thing. I don't think we've hit the limits yet, and as we get closer and closer to figuring out what these bots can actually do and what they can't, uh we're going to be looking for signal from you guys. So really appreciate it. If you are on the live stream, we're going to send you back to Matt Lauren and Roshan to go and continue cooking.
[08:00:22] Shub: So appreciate it. Thanks.
[08:00:30] Shub: Okay.
[08:00:31] Shub: For those of you here, we will take 15 minutes and answer some questions you have. So we'll have some facilitators who maybe have mics. If not, just yell really loudly and we'll go from there. So raise your hand if you have a question and we'll we'll get after it.
[08:00:45] Shub: Yes, up here.
[08:00:49] SPEAKER_01: The idea of um treating bots like humans. Um so you said you should spend 1 to 2 hours setting bots up. Do you have a framework or suggestions as to how you actually do this? What's the way in which you
[08:01:01] SPEAKER_01: create jobs or roles and responsibilities for a bot?
[08:01:05] Shub: Yeah, the question is like what's the best way to set them up essentially, right? Um I think when you're trying to be intentional, there are two things that matter, right? One is figuring out what you need them for. So like actually inventorying every single thing that you need to do is pretty important because then you can start to group those things. And like I said, I like my bots to be experts, and so they will have a very specific domain that they're good at. And then they will expand their
[08:01:29] Shub: scope as I have more questions for them outside of that domain. And so I trust them to do things outside of what they've been assigned, but for the most part, I try to group them in you know, your finance bot or your job is dealing with customers or your job is like marketing generally. And that's worked for me. Some people really like having the chief of staff bot that manages the others. I personally am not a fan, but it really comes down to personal preference, right? If you're someone who just
[08:01:54] Shub: wants all of the work abstracted away and you just want to talk to one, it's a good way to go. But if you really like being a little control freak and getting into the the weeds, I think having multiple bots that are all experts that you can then train up is is kind of a good way to go. And I would love to give them little XP bars or something as you go, but you know, we'll see.
[08:02:15] Shub: Yes, right here.
[08:02:15] SPEAKER_02: I just I just had a question about managing bots on multiple computers. Is there any tips for that to work kind of and not get confused in the whole ecosystem?
[08:02:26] Shub: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I think like a week ago, bots would get pretty confused across multiple computers if you had them.
[08:02:33] Shub: That is something that we're actively working on making better. I know there are a lot of folks that used to be on other setups and had stacks of Mac minis lined up and they want to utilize all of them. So it's something we're actively investing in. Right now, that should actually work a lot better. So if it doesn't, we should chat. But yeah, thank you for the question. Great.
[08:02:53] SPEAKER_03: Hi.
[08:02:54] SPEAKER_03: When when it comes to like serious enterprise use
[08:02:58] SPEAKER_03: and and you have actions and decisions, so is there a way of
[08:03:04] SPEAKER_03: putting those
[08:03:06] SPEAKER_03: like having those decisions follow a certain deterministic
[08:03:12] SPEAKER_03: rule or policy that is outside the model like you know, like to ensure everything is safe. It doesn't do anything without going through that rule or you know.
[08:03:23] Shub: Yeah, so the question is like how do we make sure that models act deterministically in this tool? Uh well, they inherently don't sadly. Uh but
[08:03:31] Shub: the easiest workaround there is probably to make sure that your models just write code. And code itself is inherently deterministic. So as long as you kick off cloud agents to write in code and you give it a little decision tree, it can basically play the deterministic part and then you just tell the model to call that function every single time you need it.
[08:03:58] Shub: You can you can tell bots to ask other bots for permission if you need to. But I think the better way to go about it is just to
[08:04:05] Shub: give it a rule and say every single time you need to make a decision related to this, look at this flowchart and then execute it. And as long as it has some sort of code to execute on that is verifiable, it will be able to cosplay being deterministic. Yeah. Cool. Yeah, yeah.
[08:04:22] SPEAKER_04: I think one of the challenges with Grok Bot is setting it up because
[08:04:26] SPEAKER_04: when you have
[08:04:27] SPEAKER_04: for example, I have bot desktop properly
[08:04:35] SPEAKER_04: and going in into Grok Bot and doing it in a little
[08:04:39] SPEAKER_04: shell,
[08:04:40] SPEAKER_04: it's very discouraging and
[08:04:42] SPEAKER_04: Is there like a better way to import
[08:04:45] SPEAKER_04: locally
[08:04:48] SPEAKER_04: a setup rather than setting it up all up?
[08:04:51] Shub: Two answers to that. Uh the question was is there like a good way to import all of your setup from other tools? Uh one, working on it right now. I have pretty cool bot that I want to share in the next like few days. That should make this a lot easier. But two, I think
[08:05:08] Shub: part of this is making sure that all of your connections are interoperable, right? Like there's you have your collection of MCPs and APIs that you already access. And right now they're probably
[08:05:21] Shub: dispersed among a bunch of different tools. And I think the easiest way to bring them all together is the same way you're kind of doing it with agents and skills, right? Like where you either have them sim link or have a direct source of truth to handle all of them. On the Linux piece, it makes it a little more difficult, but I think there are some cool integrations you can use like one password is an easy one where if you just import everything in and then use the MCP, it does a really good job
[08:05:47] Shub: of figuring all that out for you. And then the other is cookies like I talked about where you can import all your cookies from Chrome or your browser and then you just use those sessions uh within your your box.
[08:06:04] Shub: Yeah.
[08:06:06] Shub: Yeah, yeah. There so there are a few authentication pieces that we're still figuring out, right? And then the other piece is we have some companies who are like hey, we don't actually want bots on our platform. Our goal is to be good ecosystem players overall. And so those are challenges that are going to exist across any tool in this in this ecosystem, but it's something we're actively working on. So it's a good question. Yeah, it's one we're asking ourselves.
[08:06:29] SPEAKER_05: Hello there.
[08:06:31] SPEAKER_05: Yeah.
[08:06:43] SPEAKER_05: You know how whatever you
[08:06:46] SPEAKER_05: But then I ran into problem because you know
[08:06:50] SPEAKER_05: keys, security keys, all those like you know you know what? Why do I have to do it? Why can this bot
[08:06:57] SPEAKER_05: maybe going use MCP, go in the browser and just clear this out and just give me what I want. Right? So is it happening or like what am I missing or like how can I do it?
[08:07:07] Shub: I think so the question is like hey, this kind of isn't working for me, right? Like I'm trying to authenticate into this tool and it's asking me for all this stuff. Like how do I deal with it? Um I think it just depends on your setup, right? And I think one of the best ways to use Grok Bot is to just ask it to figure this stuff out and not be super prescriptive on the tool. So for me, the reason I landed on granola in the end was not because I'm a huge granola fan. It literally because it was the
[08:07:33] Shub: easiest form factor for Grok Bot to pull transcripts and get me the insights I needed, especially for things that are happening on device. Over time that might change. And my bot that is working on optimizing my other other bots will probably figure out like hey, wait, this is now a first class like first party integration and I want to use that instead. So I think being less prescriptive on the tools should help, but also your point is heard, right? Like it's it is really frustrating when you're
[08:07:58] Shub: trying to connect a tool and it just doesn't work on its own box. So I think parts of it are just getting more creative right now as we're in the early stages. And the hope is eventually we're able to handle all of this demand across all of these different tools as we start to introduce more plugins in the marketplace. Great question.
[08:08:14] Shub: Uh you, yes.
[08:08:20] Shub: Not yet. Yeah.
[08:08:24] Shub: We'll see.
[08:08:25] Shub: Good question. Uh yes, right here.
[08:08:27] SPEAKER_06: Yeah, hey Shub. So a lot of legacy services either don't have APIs or have API access that cost much more than the UI access. How fast is is Grok Bot going to
[08:08:37] SPEAKER_06: get to where kind of the the the answer that we're looking for instead of using an APIs that will be just as fast as kind of going through the UI flow?
[08:08:46] Shub: Yeah, so the question is like how do we make sure that going through the UI flow can eventually get just as quick as using an API?
[08:08:53] SPEAKER_06: Yeah, or are there things that we can do to to make it just as fast?
[08:08:56] Shub: Cool. I think there that's a good question. I think there there are two things
[08:09:00] Shub: that help optimize here. Uh one is trying to go headless as much as possible. So using a headless browser to just do a lot of this work quickly for you and that way you don't have to navigate UI. You just basically give it commands to click pieces in the DOM instead of having to look at it, screenshot, make a decision, rinse and repeat. Um and the second thing is we're doing a lot of work on our model to make them faster and better with with computer use. So I think overall the promise of being
[08:09:26] Shub: faster than an API is a little tougher, especially as you add more layers to it because inherently the performance is worse. But uh our goal is to get as close as we can. And over time that's that's kind of where we're headed.
[08:09:40] Shub: Cool. Yes, right here.
[08:09:41] SPEAKER_07: I had a question about like token optimization and model optimization when you're running like a
[08:09:47] SPEAKER_07: Grok Bot. Like how do you make sure like they don't over communicate with each other and then also they choose like the right models for the right task within if you just kind of let them rip?
[08:09:57] Shub: Yeah, so the question is like how do we optimize for multiple Grok Bot? And then if we're trying to be really aggressive with them, how do we make sure they make good decisions on themselves? Is that right?
[08:10:09] Shub: And also token optimization. Okay, so the first thing is right now we have this feature that you all can use that is like putting bots in a group chat. And that comes with pros and cons. Uh the pros are that you get a bunch of bots that are really eager to do a lot of work for you and they can work together, which is cool for very complicated tasks where you need to loop them all in. The con is that they will all talk. They all love to talk. And because they're all proactive and ambitious, when
[08:10:34] Shub: you put them in a group, they will start to speak over each other uh and they will work really hard, but they will also get really expensive as they start to do more and more. And so I think the part to be cautious about is whether that's the right form factor, right? Sometimes you just want a bot to tag two other bots once and work with it separately versus having them all in a group chat and watching them all respond like crazy. So I think that's one that you probably want to stay away from for
[08:10:57] Shub: now. Uh two is on the token optimization and model optimization. I think
[08:11:05] Shub: we're obviously constantly working on making sure the bots are using the right model for the job across everything like browser use and even internal bots. But I think the
[08:11:14] Shub: harder question is what happens when you're shipping, right? And which models you use. The the way that gets solved today is just by using cursor or Grok build uh and using those cloud agents, you can specify which models they use yourself if you want to tune it. And you can even give them defaults if you just ask the model like hey, I want you to use XYZ model for this specific task every single time. The final piece I'll say is not many people know this. You can just message your bot and tell
[08:11:39] Shub: it to forget things. So if you're finding out that it's you know referencing a piece of context way too much, you can just say hey, forget all things about how we generated your profile picture. Just don't ever think about that again. And it does a pretty good job about clearing that out and becoming better, which also helps with that token efficiency.
[08:11:56] Shub: Yeah, thanks man. Uh let's go back there, white shirt.
[08:12:07] Shub: Yeah, the question is how would I rate or rank?
[08:12:10] Shub: Okay, how would I rate the bots on the marketplace?
[08:12:21] Shub: Yeah, so how do how do I evaluate whether a bot is valuable on the marketplace? So we have our internal marketplace, x.ai/bot/ marketplace I think. And that marketplace is really cool and useful because
[08:12:37] Shub: it is all hand audited by us right now. And so we have a lot more bot templates than you can imagine, but we're making our best effort to go through and find the actual most valuable ones. And then if we get consent, we try and optimize them for folks. And then if they're good enough, we put them on our marketplace. Uh the easiest way to check whether a bot is doing a good job is honestly to just try it yourself uh for the most part. And most of these bots you can ask it an initial setup question.
[08:13:04] Shub: Say hey, what do you do and how do you do it without actually having it run through the whole process? And that way you can do a little bit of that self-selection early. But the one thing I can say is at least for our marketplace, you can probably trust the bots in there because they've gone through a pretty thorough review, which not only includes human review, but also we have bots that review the bots as you guys saw, which is pretty fun.
[08:13:24] Shub: Cool. Yes, right here.
[08:13:33] Shub: Got it. So the question is how do bots talk to each other across people? So across people and across accounts. Uh it's something we're working on uh and we're trying to see what the best form factor is across all of it. It does not exist in our capabilities today, but it is a very cool use case and we are excited for that one.
[08:13:52] Shub: Yeah, back there.
[08:14:24] Shub: First of all, he said codex. Everyone get him. Just kidding. Um
[08:14:28] Shub: I think
[08:14:30] Shub: good answer. Okay, so the question is how do we
[08:14:35] Shub: use local and you know the bots computer at the same time? Uh
[08:14:41] Shub: the first thing I'd say is go to your settings and turn on local execution. So you can just allow it allow it by default if you want. That's kind of the easiest way to go. Uh and that lets you do some cool stuff. It lets you send messages from your computer directly. It lets you drive your browser if you really want to. And so you can do local execution. The reason we bias towards moving so much of this to the bots computer is because we think that's the future. We think as models get better and
[08:15:06] Shub: faster and obviously the computers get stronger. Uh you get a lot of your work done and delegated off of your device. And there are a few reasons why doing things locally is kind of janky even if it's convenient in the near term. And those are one uh
[08:15:22] Shub: especially for certain apps unless they've been solved for, they will just pop up on your screen while you're working, which means you can't do things in parallel. Uh you know, people are trying to fix that, but it's not a perfect solution. And then two, they use up your computer's resources, which gets really annoying if you're doing some some high intensity stuff. Um but it's definitely heard and you can use it right now if you really want to. Just go to settings. Yeah, good question.
[08:15:47] Shub: Yes, all the way in the back.
[08:15:53] Shub: I could not hear that. Sorry.
[08:15:57] Shub: Got it. Okay, so the question is do all the bots share the same memory? Uh they do not share the same memory, but they do share the same file system. So a bot's computer is actually one VM with a bunch of different instances for each bot. The same way you would have different desktops on your computer. And
[08:16:15] Shub: they share files. So you can have them read each other's files and they will actually proactively do that if they need to for a task. But their context window is obviously not the exact same if that's what you're asking.
[08:16:26] Shub: Cool. Thanks. Yes, right here.
[08:16:49] Shub: Got it. So the question is around the interplay of cursor cloud agents and then Grok Bot, right? Uh we actually have a first class integration, which is kind of a perk of having Grok and cursor be together where you can kick off cloud agents and Grok Bot can transfer only the relevant context to them. And that means that they can work independently as a cloud agent and then come back with the results. And then what Grok Bot can do as long as it has access to the environment is it can actually go and
[08:17:15] Shub: QA it, it can test it, uh it can even look at the PR or whatever has been shipped and work with it directly. So I think the most important part is actually figuring out when to use a cloud agent versus when to just use Grok Bot. And I think anytime you have some sort of complicated task or something that you want to ship and you want full control over which model is being used and you want to be able to go in really change things, uh that's when you use a cursor cloud agent. But I think trying it
[08:17:41] Shub: out a few times will actually get you the intuition you need to answer that question for yourself. So highly recommend just like spinning up a few and getting them to ship things and you'll find that it does a surprisingly good job with the orchestration piece when it hands things off to cloud agents. You just have to specify once.
[08:17:58] Shub: Cool.
[08:17:59] Shub: All right, that seems like all the questions we had.
[08:18:02] Shub: Few more really quick notes. One,
[08:18:06] Shub: Starbase. You can win a trip to Starbase, which is very cool. I don't know if I'm eligible for this or not, um but I hope I am. Uh this is a pretty simple challenge and it is a very cool like once in a lifetime opportunity. So highly recommend trying it out. Uh I don't know how we got this approved, but basically we have a challenge post that went out already.
[08:18:30] Shub: Uh
[08:18:39] Shub: and you also get a plus one.
[08:18:50] Jenny: Okay. Okay. Yeah, can you hear me? Okay, awesome. I can't hear them. I can't hear their sound yet. Hopefully Okay. I can hear you. I just can Okay.
[08:19:44] Shub: Yeah.
[08:19:45] Jenny: Oh, I hear sound now.
[08:19:46] Shub: Okay, you you got us Jenny?
[08:19:49] Jenny: Yeah.
[08:19:50] Shub: Okay, cool. Awesome. We just got gave it an intro, but we'll do one more quick intro I think just to to catch everybody up and then we'll we'll jump into the conversation if that sounds all right.
[08:19:51] Jenny: I got you. Yeah. Sounds awesome.
[08:20:01] Matt Palmer: Oh, cool. Jenny, thanks so much for joining us. You lead an incredible community of women building and exploring with AI. You have a background spanning venture capital, technology, and community building. And from what we see have developed sort of an incredibly thoughtful approach on building a media business across platforms, channels, and formats. Um we're obviously building a business today. And oh wait, I see we're joined by a special guest too. So thanks for bringing on bringing on helping
[08:20:23] Jenny: Yeah, we got our first our first Grok baby.
[08:20:23] Matt Palmer: grow our audience.
[08:20:26] Matt Palmer: Oh, I love it. I love it. Got to teach them young. Uh
[08:20:32] Matt Palmer: uh well, we're excited for you to join us. Uh I think we're we might have some sound issues in the stream, but we'll see if we can fix those. Um
[08:20:40] Jenny: Okay.
[08:20:41] Matt Palmer: We're building a business today. I don't know how much of our stream you've caught over the course of the day, but we're working on uh building a business powered by Grok Bot. We know you're a really active Grok Bot user. And so maybe we just love if you could start off by telling us a little bit about yourself and how Grok Bot has been useful to you.
[08:21:00] Jenny: Yeah, so as everybody can see uh in addition to being a VC, being uh full-time creator building an entire media empire, um I also have a brand new baby. And so I have been able to basically double down on building all of my companies because I have Grok Bot. So uh most recently I just built out my brand new media agency. So I have an agency called Gemini Media where we basically build executive brands. And I've got 22 Grok Bot employees.
[08:21:32] Matt Palmer: Oh my gosh.
[08:21:32] Jenny: So it's such a really interesting time because you normally wouldn't be able to do this kind of thing. And now because I've got all of these Grok Bots running, I'm actually able to build businesses while raising a baby at home and doing multiple things all at once. So yeah, it's been pretty incredible.
[08:21:50] Matt Palmer: Tell us a little bit about these bots. 22 of them. I'm really curious.
[08:21:55] Jenny: Yeah, so um I have seven different businesses that I run ranging from real estate to VC fund to my media business and my agency. Um so we've got we we based on Shub did not like the chief of staff model, but we do have a chief of staff. Uh we actually call him Master Chief. My husband named that. And so Master Chief basically is the chief of staff that oversees all of our different businesses ranging from you know overseeing like our tenants and guests in our rental properties all the way to managing
[08:22:27] Jenny: our agencies, all the way to even like managing inbound you know brand partnerships, things like that. And so it's basically one chief of staff that is running everything Jenny Co.
[08:22:38] Matt Palmer: And you've set up it sounds like a bunch of bots. Like are these sort of specific to specific parts of the business? Like yeah, I like how like what why why so many and like what are they all working on?
[08:22:50] Jenny: Yeah, so basically we we have them all doing kind of an individual task. So you know we've got like for instance Boxy is like just the inbox monitor. We've got Scribe. Scribe is in charge of like every time we whisper flow every single meeting that we do. And then that note taker intakes it and that's in charge of taking every single thing from every meeting and delegating it out to sub agents. Um we've also got like an entire CFO setup on there where it's doing all the different bookkeeping, finances,
[08:23:19] Jenny: keeping track of my receipts like when I'm out for instance. Um it they basically all kind of do a core function and then we use the chief of staff to spin them up and do essentially that group conversation that Shub was just talking about. Like they literally jump in on a project all together and essentially you know chat and get everything spun up. So
[08:23:40] Matt Palmer: I love that. I love that. Well, I don't know how much of what you caught that we're working on, but we're exploring some ideas. We've been ripping pretty much throughout the day and you know pivoting a little bit as we kind of figure out.
[08:23:51] Matt Palmer: We started today kind of we're going to build a business in 72 hours. And obviously you have some experience there both building and advising. And so we're really keen to just like learn from you a bit and think about how we you know should improve our idea or kind of you know change our idea. Um so I think we're you know working through a couple of things on our side around virtual you know like an in-person pop-up uh and thinking about how we might you know allow folks to uh you know connect to
[08:23:52] Jenny: Yeah.
[08:24:17] Matt Palmer: local businesses. That's been a really interesting angle uh as part of the day. Uh also exploring some ideas around how we might let folks who aren't located near us maybe jump in and join the fun perhaps virtually in some way too. And so um we'd just love to learn from your experience around events, businesses, and and like you know planning these types of things like you know what what comes to mind and we're like we think we want to build software for pop-ups. Great idea, not great idea, um things
[08:24:42] Matt Palmer: that might work, things that we should keep in mind.
[08:24:45] Jenny: Yeah, so I saw you were just on with Eric uh my buddy. And you know he had a lot of great ideas. So the last thing I saw that we were like walking through the inventory of merchandise.
[08:24:55] Matt Palmer: Yes.
[08:24:55] Jenny: And so I think what would be really cool to understand is like right now where are we at with like the actual pop-ups and the scheduling and everything that we actually want to execute? Like can we get up to speed on where you left it off with him?
[08:25:12] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[08:25:12] Shub: Yeah, we're like very behind. So we have a lot of ideas. We have a list of like places we can reach out to. Um we haven't actually done any of that work yet. So we could start to think about that, but that's where we're at.
[08:25:15] Matt Palmer: Yeah, yeah.
[08:25:25] Jenny: Okay, so do you guys mind just turning it up Can the producer just turn up the volume a little bit? You guys your mic is still down a little low.
[08:25:32] Shub: Okay, cool. Uh can you hear me all right now?
[08:25:36] Jenny: Yeah, now I can. Awesome.
[08:25:36] Shub: Awesome. I'll speak up a little bit. Basically we still have to reach out to places. We have some good venues that we could check out, um but we don't really have the logistics of how we'd work this thing out.
[08:25:37] Jenny: Okay.
[08:25:47] Jenny: Okay, so uh the good news for y'all is that in addition to you know building a VC fund, I also built one of the biggest pitch competitions in the world. So I'm very familiar with venue selection. So in terms of the venues that we're looking at right now, we're we're focusing on SF, right?
[08:26:03] Shub: That's right.
[08:26:03] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[08:26:04] Shub: Yep.
[08:26:05] Jenny: Okay, so have we done any sort of like putting together a criteria with one of the bots of identifying what we need in the venue?
[08:26:13] Shub: Um yeah, so loosely like hey, we want about 100 guests. We want kind of a warehouse space. We want it to be nice and open so we can have like sort of a gallery um inside that in that space, maybe even a little bit more than 100 I think, but uh that's about the extent of that.
[08:26:28] Jenny: Okay, so the first thing I can tell you as an event producer is like we need to think through um venue logistics to add to it. So before we have a bot go search out for venues, we need to get a little bit more details. So number one, what's the timing we want to do?
[08:26:43] Shub: Thinking sometime in the next month maybe.
[08:26:45] Matt Palmer: Next month maybe a little bit longer if we have to have to get some permits or something. I don't know.
[08:26:47] Shub: Maybe a little bit longer. Yeah.
[08:26:50] Jenny: Well, so that's the next question I'm going to say. So as somebody who's produced a lot of big conferences, permits are a big thing in the state of California. They love permits. Um my last conference had more than a dozen different types of permits. So um are we thinking alcohol is involved?
[08:27:05] Shub: We'll say no just to make things really simple. What what if we said no?
[08:27:08] Jenny: Okay. You do streamline things quite a lot. Do we want food?
[08:27:13] Shub: Okay, yes. 100%
[08:27:14] Jenny: Yes. Okay, we want served hot food or are we doing grab and go?
[08:27:19] Shub: We're thinking serve hot food. Yeah.
[08:27:22] Jenny: Okay, so these are all the details that we're going to want to put into a bot to do our venue search, right? So um venue searching used to take event producers like hours and hours and hours to scan the internet and put in all this different criteria. But the best thing we can do is build basically like I call mine Scout. Like this is like the search bot that can go out and identify which of the venues in the county of San Francisco meet this. So what I would do is like sketch out our capacity which
[08:27:49] Jenny: we've got.
[08:27:50] Shub: Mhm.
[08:27:50] Jenny: Um do you want this to be in the evening?
[08:27:53] Shub: Um I don't think we've decided.
[08:27:55] Matt Palmer: We haven't decided, but I think evening yeah evening makes sense.
[08:27:58] Jenny: Okay. Um so let's do we want the timing um because not all venues some venues are are 9 to 5, some venues are closed in the evening, right? Um and then we're going to want to put like what types of food we're going to want available? Do we want kitchen facilities on site?
[08:28:16] Matt Palmer: Ooh, good question.
[08:28:17] Shub: Um so I I I would say yes. Like we were thinking originally that some of the prep would be able to be done on site, but I can see how that would add another logistical later uh versus if we like hired a catering company that then brought the food in, right?
[08:28:31] Jenny: Okay, so if we're doing a catering company, then you need to make sure that our venues are going to accept our catering companies. So a lot of venues in the city of San Francisco are going to have preferred vendors for their catering. So are we trying to do like bespoke or do we want to just kind of lock into what someone's already working with?
[08:28:47] Shub: I think it might be nice. I think ultimately we probably care more about having a really great space and then kind of working around the constraints that the space might give us. I don't know if that's a great way to think about it, but I think you know like we want to create like a really fun environment and I think have that be the the leading thing here. Uh and then you know if there are things like preferences that we need to consider, maybe that's like something we could ask a Grok Bot to help
[08:29:07] Shub: us go research and and figure out. Is that kind of where you're going with that?
[08:29:11] Jenny: Yeah, I think that makes the most sense because the way like the more specific we can get in the venue search, the faster we can actually get to a result of like the availability, right? So uh the city of San Francisco beautiful place 49 square miles, it's a very hot spot uh to find a venue. And there's also a lot of legality when it comes to the city of San Francisco. So I think putting together a bot that does like our venue scouting specifically would be like the next step here. Um and that bot
[08:29:41] Jenny: can work in conjunction with the other details of the event. So for instance, do we have an event planner bot yet?
[08:29:48] Shub: Ooh. What would it what would what would we do with an event planner bot?
[08:29:53] Jenny: Well, so how many pop-ups do we want to do? Just the one?
[08:29:56] Shub: Yeah, I think we want to start with the one and then kind of figure out what we do from there.
[08:30:00] Jenny: Okay, so then what I would want to do is it's almost like the chief of staff model, right? So we basically reverse engineer an event producer. So we've an event planner that works over top of what would be their coordinators and staff underneath, but then we build this as a bot model.
[08:30:15] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[08:30:16] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I like that. So it seems like we should maybe start thinking about a team of bots that could help us go into all this work. And we have sort of like an event planner with context of the event.
[08:30:24] Roshan: Yeah.
[08:30:24] Matt Palmer: And then maybe split out some bots that are more tasked. I'm curious like what you know do you think like is it email? Is it phone? Like should we think about giving our bots like the ability to call places? How would you think about that like the actual bot interactions with these venues and like you know tying that into the AI and and and what we've done with Grok Bot so far?
[08:30:44] Jenny: Yeah, so I would definitely integrate it by email. So like for instance, I've got a bot that runs reselling all of my clothes across like Poshmark, Depop, Mercari right now. Interfaces my one of my bots right now is reselling clothes as we speak and negotiating bids with potential buyers for me. So I set a framework around how to negotiate. So we can not only have a bot that goes out and ask for RFPs for venues and availability, but we can even prompt it further to be able to negotiate and go back
[08:31:16] Jenny: and forth because we'll give it parameter as around what our budget is, right? So that's one of the best things that I've been able to do with my Grok Bot is it knows how to negotiate.
[08:31:25] Matt Palmer: Totally. Okay, and okay, how did you teach your bot to be an A plus negotiator? And what tricks can we steal so that we have a really good we have good luck with the negotiation part of this?
[08:31:36] Jenny: Well, I think that we need to first off establish our budget. Have we budgeted out the actual event?
[08:31:42] Matt Palmer: We have not. And so I think what we're I think what we need to do is we probably want to establish a baseline first, right? Like establish a baseline for you know like what what venue rates look like, what maybe food rates look like and get a sense of how all of this can tie together. And so maybe you know we kicked off some market research on ideas earlier today, but maybe also should kick kick kick off some market research on kind of price lines or maybe you have some some knowledge you can share
[08:32:05] Matt Palmer: with us.
[08:32:07] Jenny: Yeah, so I have I've done this quite a while. SF is one of the pricier you know cities for this type of thing. So I think that an event planner bot would be great for this. So you can actually ask the event planner bot to create the first production budget, right? So we want to have you know the FNB costs in here. We want to have the marketing costs. We want to have any actual production costs for staffing. Even though the Rock Bots can get us like most of the way, you are still going to need human
[08:32:32] Jenny: beings doing the registration and the security. Um so I think that starting with the event planner actually making a production budget as a template and saying you are a senior event planner in the city of San Francisco creating a budget for an event that meets blah blah blah blah blah. And then with those details, it can then go out and request RFPs to the venues that actually meet those qualifications.
[08:32:56] Matt Palmer: Okay, I'm talking to a Grok Bot right now. You are a senior event planner in the city of San Francisco creating a budget for a pop up
[08:32:57] Jenny: So Yeah.
[08:33:03] Matt Palmer: that will have 100 to maybe 200 guests. I'm going to make that up. We can always change it later.
[08:33:09] Jenny: Let's say pop up event. You want to specify event.
[08:33:11] Matt Palmer: Okay, pop up event.
[08:33:12] Jenny: Because a pop up could be outside too.
[08:33:14] Matt Palmer: We need help with a budget that includes venue costs.
[08:33:23] Jenny: So includes venue, includes food and beverage.
[08:33:27] Matt Palmer: Yep, food and beverage.
[08:33:28] Jenny: We also want to make sure yeah.
[08:33:30] Matt Palmer: Just getting a screen share up here real quick so everyone can see the version is getting up work to make the it a little bit bigger once we once we get the screen share on.
[08:33:32] Jenny: Let's get it up. Yeah.
[08:33:38] Matt Palmer: Hopefully I'm we can get that up in a second, but
[08:33:39] Roshan: So we'll let the team take care of this and and we can keep working through this prompt.
[08:33:42] Matt Palmer: Yeah, okay. So we need help with budget. Budget that includes venue costs. And sorry, go ahead.
[08:33:44] Jenny: Totally. So So let's go venue FNB so food and beverage, right?
[08:33:50] Matt Palmer: Yep.
[08:33:51] Jenny: Um we're also going to want to know staffing costs as well. So some venues are going to provide staff with it. Some venues don't. Depends on where you're working. Um we're also going to want to find um are we baking the marketing budget into the event or is the marketing budget a separate line item we're using for the entire thing?
[08:34:09] Matt Palmer: Let's consider that a separate line item for now. We just want to focus on the logistics of actually throwing the event and then we can figure out marketing separately.
[08:34:15] Jenny: Okay. Okay, so event promotion typically would go in the event budget too. So if you're doing any sort of like invitation design, meta ads to promote for sign ups or anything like that, you can either house that in your marketing budget for the company or in the event budget depending on how you structure the business. So both of them work. It just depends on what you see it. Do you see it serving only the event or do you see it it serving the broader startup?
[08:34:41] Matt Palmer: Cool. Okay, I'm going to just say let's ignore the marketing budget for now and hopefully that like helps us simplify the problem a little bit and kind of get to a baseline maybe and we can always add that in later.
[08:34:50] Jenny: Yep, sounds good. Um and then some other basic costs like do we want music? Do you want a DJ? Do you want AV?
[08:34:57] Matt Palmer: Mm okay.
[08:34:59] Matt Palmer: Yeah, my understanding is a lot of venues will have different options there too and so maybe we need to like let's plan for AV needs as part of this.
[08:35:08] Matt Palmer: But we don't need to be too complex.
[08:35:09] Jenny: Yeah, so
[08:35:11] Jenny: No, but I do think you want the ability to like have a microphone so that because we want to we want to speak to the audience, right? So part of this is teaching them about this launch. So you're going to want at least some basic AV. So like a microphone and speaker in the very least. Maybe we don't need a whole stage, but you'll want something with basic AV baked in.
[08:35:29] Matt Palmer: Cool. Okay, so I have I literally have just said we want mics to be able to speak to the audience and maybe we'll just have the bot figure out what to do with that. Cool.
[08:35:37] Jenny: Yeah, because it'll say often once it starts negotiating with the RFPs, it'll see who has AV because the goal here is the most vendors we can get in one venue because otherwise we're going to have to create a bot that goes and scouts vendors separately.
[08:35:54] Matt Palmer: Okay, awesome. I'm going to fire off this bot and maybe we'll see what it comes back to us in terms of budgets. Um I know we don't have a ton of time with you today, Jenny, but I'm just curious what we just did was really helpful for like one portion of how we might want to run this pop up, right? Like let's go get a bunch of research on venues for example. Could you give us like what are the two or three other big things that we should maybe create equivalent bots for and we can come up with some
[08:36:17] Matt Palmer: of those prompts separately, but just curious. So we have our venue budget
[08:36:22] Matt Palmer: bot.
[08:36:23] Matt Palmer: If we're like creating two more bots to make sure we really don't mess anything up,
[08:36:27] Matt Palmer: what what would you what would you recommend?
[08:36:30] Jenny: To make sure we really don't mess anything up, this is I might be the first person to ever say this. This might be the first Grok Bot, a permit Grok Bot.
[08:36:39] Jenny: So I would
[08:36:42] Jenny: So I would say can you hear me now?
[08:36:44] Matt Palmer: Yes.
[08:36:45] Jenny: Okay, so I might be the first person to ever say these words, a permit Grok Bot like red tape Grok Bot. We need a Grok Bot to go research and see if there's anything legally needed for the execution of this event because SF they keep they they run a tight ship. We don't want to we don't want to skirt the line. So I think a permit Grok Bot would be great. Yep, so and this is a great tip for anybody that's doing any sort of event. Like regulatory research like this is such a pain in the butt for anyone
[08:37:20] Jenny: that's ever doing an event, especially if you're doing them in different cities because every city is going to be different. So having a Grok Bot that can just check policies for anywhere where you're executing on something is a great idea. You can also obviously build like a Grok Bot that's doing other things internally like this that would check like employee policies or any sort of policy related work. I think a bot would be a great source of truth for that.
[08:37:42] Matt Palmer: Policy bot maybe that helps us navigate a lot of that and can maybe even help us review some contracts. Well, I don't know. I don't want to get like an actual some actual advice there, but yeah. At least a first pass so we know what we're reading. That could be helpful. Yeah, yeah. Cool. Any other
[08:37:54] Jenny: Yeah, I would say
[08:37:56] Jenny: well, I was going to say in terms of the I've got a lot of friends that are you know attorneys and they say that you should treat the AI as kind of like a second year law student level
[08:38:05] Jenny: of review. So it's somebody that knows what they're doing, but they don't necessarily know the nuance of how things operate. So it can read the legalese of what the law says, but like what's the going rate in the city and in the industry of how things shake out, right? So I think it's great for a first pass at contracts, but we would want somebody with experience to review beyond that.
[08:38:27] Matt Palmer: Cool. Awesome. I think that makes a lot of sense. I think that actually gives us a lot to work with for the rest of the evening and we're getting close to the end of the stream, but it is actually really great having you on and talking about some of these things that you know honestly you have to be kind of an event planner or have gone through these experiences like you have, right? To know about and maybe that's the power of being a human being and like having the experiences as you know how to
[08:38:48] Matt Palmer: direct the AI and what to get for it.
[08:38:50] Jenny: Yeah, so the thing that I tell people the reason why I've been able to build out this agency on such a lean you know budget with all these AI is like do it yourself as humans, build it out with what humans would do and then kind of reverse engineer. So I think for what you guys are what you guys are getting towards is is a great direction. I am curious then so how are you how are you thinking about this as we wrap up the day like going into day two? Like what we're what do we want to execute on?
[08:39:19] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I'm actually we were actually just thinking about that right off camera a minute ago. What we want to do to kind of close off the stream is figure out like what long running agents that we should try you know just like executing on tonight. And so I think this budget agent is definitely one where maybe we can exchange emails and make some progress.
[08:39:36] Matt Palmer: Any other sort of long running agents you think we should try getting up tonight and like working while we sleep as maybe some parting some parting thoughts?
[08:39:45] Jenny: Yeah, so I definitely would say like the scout venue searching I think like we should definitely make sure that it is searching, identifying, and drafting emails for in the morning we can review everyone it wants to outbound to. So that's like my favorite thing. Like I constantly just have like the agents drafting emails for me that are waiting in the morning and I just have to hit send.
[08:40:06] Jenny: I also would say like we we also need to start kind of like figuring out how we're going to get people there. So an easy thing to do is like I give my agents access to Meta and like they log directly into my Instagram. So like let's start sourcing an invite list. Like that's the most like basic thing is go through all the people that are verified that follow you. You can even source like I'll tell my agent find the 50 accounts that follow me with the highest amount of followers that are in this
[08:40:35] Jenny: city. Let's start making that list and then we can pre draft to them outbound so that we can get the most important people to be coming to the event and also sharing about the event.
[08:40:44] Matt Palmer: I love that. I think we're fortunate to have a really large audience on X today too and so that might be a great source for us too to go and poke after, but I guess with that Jenny thank you so much. This is incredible. Thank you for being such a great Grok Bot user too. I saw a screenshot of your bots earlier. We were trying to get the screen share working and I wasn't able to get it working, but we just make sure we post that somewhere. It is it is a masterpiece in terms of how you set up the
[08:41:06] Matt Palmer: sidebar and and have all these different agents kind of running your businesses for you.
[08:41:10] Jenny: Yeah, absolutely.
[08:41:12] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[08:41:13] Jenny: I'm super excited to come to this. Like you guys are going to have to do this. You're going to need to make the merch. Like this is happening, right?
[08:41:18] Matt Palmer: I think I think it's happening. I mean I feel like we're yeah.
[08:41:21] Matt Palmer: Hopefully we can figure out all the logistics in the 48 hours we have left, but yeah, we're we're I think we're we're going to have to figure that out.
[08:41:28] Roshan: There you go. Yeah, thanks so much.
[08:41:30] Jenny: You're doing awesome.
[08:41:30] Matt Palmer: Thank you.
[08:41:31] Jenny: Awesome.
[08:41:31] Matt Palmer: All right. Thank you again. We'll see you.
[08:41:33] Jenny: Look forward to it guys.
[08:41:34] Matt Palmer: Awesome.
[08:41:34] Jenny: See you.
[08:41:35] Matt Palmer: Cool. All right, well I think we have Jenny honestly super valuable, super great, and charismatic. And I think we have about like 10 minutes left in the day. We'll wrap it at 5:30.
[08:41:48] Matt Palmer: So kind of update like where we're at. Really spend the first day I think kind of flushing out these ideas. We aligned, shifted a few times.
[08:41:55] Roshan: Yeah, we might still be shifting.
[08:41:56] Matt Palmer: We brought the the whiteboard in. There's some things written on the whiteboard, but we still have a long ways to go.
[08:42:02] Matt Palmer: And maybe before we close out, we can talk a little bit about what we learned from Jenny or where we think we're going to take things in the next next stage. So
[08:42:10] Roshan: Yeah. Kind of just reflecting on the day and I maybe we could all end with like a few more thoughts on the day. My immediate thoughts are one is I think idea generation is really hard. You know I think we've definitely spent a lot of time today poking around different ideas. And I think the other thing is there's a lot of wisdom in the crowd, right? Like everyone we've brought on has had some unique perspective. And so kind of what I'm excited to think about you know while our agents are running
[08:42:31] Roshan: overnight maybe we should do some of this too is like you know what how to really lock in on sort of one of the one or two things that we want to to really you know ensure we can build in the next little while to to make this all successful.
[08:42:42] Roshan: And so yeah, I think you know figuring out how we get to some of that clarity will be really great. I'm just you know I think the
[08:42:49] Roshan: we've done a lot of like broad idea brainstorming and so I think kind of like how do we focus that in to something that we think could be really fun for people? What's sort of what what's up with that for me?
[08:42:57] Matt Palmer: Fully agree. I mean it was cool to see like you know we got our Slack spun up. We got everything connected. Got bots writing to Notion. Got GitHub set up. Got Vercel set up. Started with a dashboard started with like a very
[08:43:09] Matt Palmer: V1 lander kind of iterated on that a little bit started moving forward. So I feel like we have a lot of like setup stuff done, but we definitely need to kind of lock in. So I feel like we're going to have to have to do that. Maybe we start tonight.
[08:43:22] Matt Palmer: Honestly, I don't know. What do you how do you feel about
[08:43:24] Roshan: Yeah, I think so. I feel like after talking to Jenny, I feel like it's quite eye opening how difficult it is to do a start pop up in SF.
[08:43:35] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[08:43:37] Roshan: And I wonder I guess I am trying to think about like is this the right problem to go after?
[08:43:44] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[08:43:48] Roshan: So yeah, a lot a lot of thinking I think we need to do.
[08:43:52] Roshan: But yeah, hopefully we'll come back tomorrow refreshed. And
[08:43:57] Roshan: we'll we'll lock in tonight and you know think about what we'll what we're going to build.
[08:44:02] Roshan: Um but yeah, I think we learned a lot from my guests. You know so
[08:44:07] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[08:44:08] Roshan: Yeah.
[08:44:08] Matt Palmer: Cool.
[08:44:09] Roshan: Awesome. Yeah, I mean it was a busy day and again we're in San Francisco. Our goal is to build a business today and then the next two days as a part of Dreamforce at Grok Bot Galaxy. Just to wrap before before we close it out the Galaxy live build challenge the Grok Bot Galaxy challenge corresponding to the live stream. If you create a template, you submit it go to at Rock.
[08:44:33] Roshan: We looks like we might have just lost video.
[08:44:37] Roshan: And you can submit your template there, but thanks for joining us. And I think we're we're out.
[08:44:43] Matt Palmer: See you tomorrow.
