# Sample: first ~15 minutes (quality check)

[00:09:55] SPEAKER_00: We're back for day three and today we're shipping our company. And so if this is the first time you're tuning in, we are building a company in 72 hours at the Grokbot Galaxy event in San Francisco. Just a quick round of intros if this is the first time you're joining us. I'm Matt. I work in developer experience at SpaceX AI.
[00:10:11] SPEAKER_01: Hello, I'm Potato, also known as Lauren. And I work on Grokbot at SpaceX AI.
[00:10:17] SPEAKER_02: I'm Roshan. I work on product at SpaceX AI on Grokbot, some other stuff too. So
[00:10:21] SPEAKER_00: Yeah. And so if you're joining us from yesterday, we've done actually quite a bit overnight because Lauren set up a bit of a software factory. But before we jump into that software factory, I think we have an announcement for y'all. And that is if you sign up, if you're new users, you haven't used Grokbot before, you don't have an account, you sign up in the next 10 minutes, you can get a month for free. So new users get one month free of Grokbot and that kind of starts right now. So you'll see a clock below. So go online, registered and then you also have to create what is the we have to create a bot?
[00:10:53] SPEAKER_02: You have to download Grokbot, you have to create an account, and you have to set up a recurring task. And Potato is going to tweet about some examples for how you could do this, like searching through your emails, any other routines that we love, keeping an eye on GitHub issues.
[00:11:09] SPEAKER_00: Yeah, like looking at Slack, you know, things that things that take a lot of take up a lot of your time are great to automate and you can just tell your Grokbot to like, hey, check my emails every day and I'll set it up for you. So very very easy.
[00:11:22] SPEAKER_02: Yeah, we have a QR code here if you want to get my screen up on the stream that we're showing. It's one free month of Grokbot, valid for new accounts only. So if you've been watching these past two days, but for some reason haven't signed up on your own, eight minutes and 20 seconds left from that timer down there for you to claim a free month of Grokbot. I think it includes a lot of credits too, right? It's like a pretty good free month.
[00:11:44] SPEAKER_00: Like you get 200 bucks like of usage in the first month. So
[00:11:46] SPEAKER_02: Awesome. Okay. $200 in value, free month of our highest tier.
[00:11:52] SPEAKER_01: It's a lot of usage.
[00:11:53] SPEAKER_02: Yeah, we'll have to see how much usage we we used over the last few days.
[00:11:57] SPEAKER_00: Awesome. So yeah, you got 9 minutes to take care of it. And I I feel like we can maybe spend actually 7 minutes. Time goes by pretty quickly. I feel like we can maybe spend some of that time talking through what we built last night and where things are at.
[00:12:11] SPEAKER_01: Yeah. Roshan, do you want to maybe show off some of the I think we we made a lot of changes for our game. But maybe to start like maybe we should talk about like what our game is for people who are just tuning in.
[00:12:21] SPEAKER_02: Yeah, let's start by Yeah, I think that's a great idea. So for those who are just tuning in, we are building a game studio and launching our first game today imminently in the next few hours. I think we have a little bit of Paula if we want to get in before we get it all out out there to the world. But we are building a game and we have a team of really an army of Grokbots that we've been using to build this game with. Towards the tail end of the afternoon yesterday, we put together a team of bots that are basically helping create a software factory here. And so you're looking at my copy of this factory that was inspired by some of the bot templates that Lauren shared with me. And I don't know, Lauren, do you want to maybe talk through some of the the ways the factory works? I can show some show some of this while you're doing that.
[00:13:02] SPEAKER_01: Yeah, so so for for a start like I think the factory is pretty interesting where what Roshan and I did was basically we we did a lot of brainstorming last night about like game mechanics and just thinking through polish and how we want the game to actually be fun. So we initially started with a game that kind of felt like one v one rock paper scissor game with like Elo and and you know like a scoring system and a leaderboard. And then when we played it, we found that it was not really that fun. So we got inspired by some of the other games that we enjoy. And we kind of, you know, got inspired by some of those mechanics and we and we we crafted some plans together with Grokbot and Cloud Agents. And then we used P Stack, which is my personal set of of skills. It's a cursor plugin and a Grokbot plugin. And in that plugin, there is a skill called Potato Mode. And Potato Mode is a skill that essentially teaches your bots to be much more rigorous and much more you know basically much better at orchestrating other bots and agents. And yeah, that that's it right there on the screen. And one of the cool things about P Stack is if you type slash Potato Mode and you say full autopilot this plan, it will actually go off and break down that plan into lots of different small phases. And then basically set up a mini factory where you know the the you have like agents that implement the PR, the small PRs. You have agents that go off and verify, they'll run your application, they'll fuzz it where you know they just actually click around and test it, you know, find bugs and basically give you a ton of trust so you can actually just merge the the PRs will just auto merge themselves in full autopilot mode because of that rigorous verification and and checks being done. So overnight, I think we landed like more than 100 PRs so far.
