# Day 2: Grok Bot Galaxy Livestream — Named transcript (evidence-based)
# Source: https://x.com/i/broadcasts/1PKqrNyvmYwGb
# Event: https://luma.com/3ifrgttw
# Base: gemini-3.5-transcribe diarized; SPEAKER_XX replaced per-chunk where evidence supports.
# IDs reshuffle each ~30-min chunk. Unmapped turns keep SPEAKER_XX. See SPEAKER_MAPPING_NOTE.md
# Brand fixes: SpaceX AI→xAI (company), Grokbot/Rockbot→Grok Bot (product).

[00:00:06] Matt Palmer: We're back, m-
[00:00:06] Lauren: We're back.
[00:03:21] Lauren: the game needs to maybe make some money. So I' am kind of curious like
[00:03:30] Lauren: you know, like for games, I think a lot of people a lot of gamers do not like you know, like pay to win type mechanics. So I' kind of curious if, you know, if you have any ideas on like how do we
[00:04:49] Lauren: I guess I' was also imagining like the the bots are like facing off each other and they're in some kind of uh what do you call it like arena or something or
[00:10:05] Matt Palmer: Hey everybody. So day two Galaxy live stream. We'll do a quick round of intros just to for everyone that's new to the chat. I'm Matt, working developer experience at SpaceX.
[00:10:15] Roshan: I'm Roshan. Work on product at xAI.
[00:10:18] Lauren: Hello, I'm Potato, also known as Lauren. I work on Potato things. No, I work on Grok Bot at xAI.
[00:10:25] Matt Palmer: And for those of you that are just joining us yesterday, we started building our business and it was really about getting our account set up, brainstorming, aligning on an idea. We decided that we would try to build an experiential pop-up business. And so we've spent most of the day kind of going through that vision, getting things configured, putting out some prototypes and some demos. And then I think the team we might have we might have changed our minds overnight.
[00:10:50] Lauren: Yeah, I feel like we bit off more than we can chew with the pop-up idea. Just like, you know, we had a couple of guests that I I feel like they gave us really good advice on how difficult it is to you know, like SF has a lot of you know, restrictions and like licensing and I don't know. I think we we felt like it was it wasn't going to be very entertaining to show on stream, all that kind of work.
[00:11:14] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Well, that and like, you know, we we put some agents on this overnight. We got some great advice and let our agents cook a little bit. And I think we came back with a bunch of feedback that well, you know, maybe this isn't something we could totally and completely do in two days. And everyone who's been watching, we think it'd be a lot more fun if you all could, you know, join in the fun and maybe we could build something that we could all use together.
[00:11:32] Roshan: Yeah, the the agents told us to pivot. So we're pivoting.
[00:11:34] Matt Palmer: Yeah, the agents told us to pivot.
[00:11:36] Roshan: And you know, I think part of, you know, building a business is kind of like picking something you're really passionate about and that you've done before. So yeah, maybe you guys want to start talking about like what we're thinking.
[00:11:45] Matt Palmer: Yeah, so we're excited about this new idea where we're going to think about how we can, you know, create a way for everyone who's watching, everyone who's here in person as well to create their own Grok Bot templates and then be able to do some fun things with those Grok Bot templates. And well, the most fun thing we could think of is making a gaming company. And so we're going to try building a game or a gaming business here as our new business with maybe a game that we start out where we all get to play with our Grokbots together and starting out with that is our first our first vision. And so what we thought we'd do to kind of kick off this morning, I think we have maybe half an hour, 20 minutes or so, is kind of walk you through and do some live whiteboarding for how we might be able to bring this vision together. And then I think Warren is going to walk us through a little bit of the MVP plan. And so we'll start out with that and then kick over to some talks and then keep building and have that be our focus today. Does that sound good, you all?
[00:12:12] Lauren: Yeah, while while while we wait, I guess I' just talk through it. But yeah, yeah. So we did some discussion earlier, so I I had some idea of what the plan would be. And I used um P-SAC again to do uh my So P-SAC, if you're not aware, is my plugin that has a bunch of my skills that I' have developed for doing engineering work. And um one of the things that P-SAC includes is a planning playbook. So it's a bit long. I'm not going to go through the whole thing, but uh you can see that it's pretty detailed. It has uh you know, checklists on things um like how to verify the the application. It's got some pseudocode in there for the types cuz I think you know, a part of how I like to work is thinking a lot about data structures and and the type the types uh and function signatures. So all of that is, you know, a thought here.
[00:12:34] Roshan: Yeah, let's do it.
[00:12:35] Matt Palmer: Cool.
[00:12:35] Lauren: All right. Yeah, let's do it.
[00:12:36] Matt Palmer: Can we get my screen up on the stream? So we did some thinking about what we should build and well, here's a blank whiteboard.
[00:12:44] Lauren: Zoom in.
[00:12:45] Matt Palmer: Let me I'll zoom in.
[00:12:46] Lauren: Way too small.
[00:12:48] Matt Palmer: So what we initially thought about was that it'd be really cool to find a way to bring Grok Bot templates into the fold. And Lauren, do you want to explain what Grok Bot templates are?
[00:12:57] Lauren: Yeah, so Grok Bot templates are a way to you know, share the bots that you've created with the world. And we have lots of great examples on the bot marketplace that's that you can find in the Grok Bot application. But essentially, yeah, there there is a it's a way to share your bot with somebody else and it includes their skills, their routines, selective memories that are, you know, a little bit more generic so they don't leak anything. But yeah, it's a great way to share and your expertise rather if you you know, spend some time creating a really smart bot for doing PM things, right? You can share that and somebody else can benefit.
[00:13:40] Matt Palmer: Totally. And so the idea here is that maybe we could take those Grok Bot templates and bring them to bear in a really fun way to encourage you all to create some bots that you're really excited about. Maybe be able to share those with others in the community a little bit. But our idea is more about thinking about how we could bring those bot templates to life a little bit. And so what we're thinking of doing is actually putting together a little game where you can take your bots and kind of have them face off against each other. And I think that'd be kind of fun, right? So we're going to draw a little bit of an example of what we're thinking about. And you know, what we're thinking about initially is that we start out with a Grok Bot template and
[00:14:18] Lauren: Uh can we get Roshan's screen back on the stream?
[00:14:19] Matt Palmer: Oh yeah, let's do that.
[00:14:20] Lauren: Yeah, there you go.
[00:14:22] Matt Palmer: So you basically you can create a a Grok Bot template today by just creating a bot in Grok Bot and then saving it as a template and then having something we do with that template where we basically make it so you can convert this into a character in a game. And then compete head-to-head against other people who've also uploaded and created their own characters. And this is our core idea is that really we think we can make something really simple where everyone can kind of engage together, get a chance to kind of play together, and really keep it fun in light way, kind of iterate on this idea as we go. And so our our initial plan here is that we want to start by making it really easy to take a Grok Bot template and convert it into a character. And what better way to do that we thought than being able to build a team of bots. And so we're going to think of something like this where perhaps, you know, you can go in and create a bot. Maybe we'll give some stats to these bots. So thinking something like, you know, stat A, maybe like we could we could take some inspiration from some of our favorite games like charisma, decks, intelligence. Maybe like do those three stats for each for each bot. And then you know, I've always been a big fan of like abilities in games too. And so maybe we also give each of these bots like an ability. And that ability lets them kind of use one of these stats. So maybe you could have like a bot that has a charisma ability or a decks ability or maybe like an an int ability.
[00:15:50] Lauren: Yeah, I think we'd want to like maybe give the ability like a cool name as well. So it's like not cuz I feel like if we just show charisma ability, that feels a little bit too techy maybe.
[00:16:00] Matt Palmer: Yeah, that's a good point.
[00:16:01] Lauren: It'd be interesting like, you know, for example, one of my favorite bots shameless plug is Dr. Eggbot. And I would imagine Dr. Eggbot has a cool skill like I don't know, onslaught or one of the skills I made like you know, and and kind of like adds a bit of flavor. But under the hood, maybe it has like it uses one of those one of those stats to do something that could be interesting.
[00:16:23] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I like that. And so maybe it's like you you start a bot and you kind of draft your team around it. So you upload a template, we can help you generate a character, maybe we add some randomness to it so every every character looks a little bit different. Kind of gives you like a little avatar in the game. I think that could be fun. So you get some like visuals there. And then maybe, you know, just to start off and keep this simple, we have your main bot and then a few additional bots that are drafted into your team. So you get this team of like three bots that you're starting out with. Does that seem like it could work?
[00:16:52] Lauren: Yeah, yeah. So like I guess let's let's let's imagine like what it would like. So I I I sign up, you know, I add Dr. Eggbot to my team and then I have like I don't Tradbot and what's another bot that you know?
[00:17:05] Matt Palmer: Oh, we have our outbound prospecting bot for Grok Bot market. Yeah.
[00:17:07] Lauren: Yeah, outbound prospecting bot. Kind of a long-term long name. Outbound bot. And so okay, I have this team of bots. And I guess so how do we determine the stats that they get?
[00:17:19] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I think we should think through that. I mean, we could probably do some we probably wanted to be deterministic, right? So when you upload a bot into, you know, and generate a generate a character from the bot, you basically get sort of the same stats every time. And so you can sort of mint a bot into a character and that kind of persists.
[00:17:33] Lauren: Oh, that's interesting. Yeah.
[00:17:34] Matt Palmer: Yeah. So maybe we like come up with some ways that we, you know, give a range for these stats. And one thing that I've seen work really well in games like this is where you have like a full a total stat pool. So maybe we start with a total stat pool of like 100 max. And then we basically split this into those three stats. And you know, we could maybe actually put an LLM against the the description of the bot. So if you describe a bot as being really charismatic or being really like, you know, social and maybe it's job is to coordinate people that maybe gets a higher charisma bonus or something like that. Or maybe a bot that's like really good at connecting to a bunch of different services, gets a high dexterity stat cuz it's kind of like moving all around the spot moving all around.
[00:18:11] Lauren: But it's still it's still fixed, right? So like
[00:18:12] Matt Palmer: Yeah, yeah.
[00:18:13] Lauren: It would be a it would all the three stats would still total up total up to 100.
[00:18:18] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I like that. So maybe for an example, we'd have something like this. 70 Oh, 30 is 100.
[00:18:23] Lauren: Okay, I guess we'll need a minimum, right?
[00:18:25] Matt Palmer: Yeah, that's a good point. So maybe
[00:18:26] Lauren: Can you cuz I it'd be weird to have a zero stat.
[00:18:29] Matt Palmer: Maybe we do 10 as the minimum?
[00:18:32] Lauren: Sure. Or one. Why not one?
[00:18:34] Matt Palmer: Yeah, let's just go all the way to the bottom. You can have some really
[00:18:35] Lauren: One and then max is 98. Yeah, and 98 2 2 1 1.
[00:18:37] Matt Palmer: Yeah, and max Good point. Yep, yep, yep.
[00:18:40] Lauren: And it could be just random, I guess. One more thought I have that could be really interesting because like it'd be really fun if there was a way for like when you create a bot for there to be like a almost like cuz you know, if you play games like Diablo or like those action RPG games, the the items that you pick up have like I think rarity.
[00:19:04] Matt Palmer: Mm.
[00:19:04] Lauren: That could be really interesting here like cuz I'm imagining like it wouldn't be so cool if Dr. Eggbot was a legendary legendary bot. Come on, it has to be legendary.
[00:19:13] Matt Palmer: It has to be legendary. I kind of like that. I kind of like that. Yeah. So maybe we could have like some randomizer where we have a rarity modifier that changes how like what this total stat pool could be. So the base version is 100, but then we could have rarity that boosts the total stat count. So for total stat points, maybe we could come up with like a base, rare, ultra, legendary or something like that and kind of having that be the way we split this up. and maybe we do something like 100 points for base. We can come up with the exact numbers. Something like that, right?
[00:19:45] Lauren: Yeah, I like that. And I guess like another question I have is like um well, you know, we're we're pivoting to do doing a game studio. And I guess if we're keeping it somewhat realistic,
[00:19:58] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[00:20:01] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[00:20:08] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah.
[00:20:15] Lauren: how do we monetize in a way that doesn't make this just a pay to win game?
[00:20:18] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I definitely agree with not doing sort of pay to win. I feel like that's like as a person who loves to play games, that's like the worst thing in the world where it feels like you like a lot of those mechanics where you have to come back and like try for the next day or get your like limited number of turns. And so I think we should make this a little less like power in maybe like you're not paying for power, but maybe you are paying for a lot of like fun upgrades cuz I feel like a lot of the virality of this could be where, you know, you build your team and then you share sort of your team on social or kind of like draft your team. And maybe over time like we'll start out with a basic version of this, but you could imagine you could upgrade your bots and maybe find upgrades over time. And so maybe you could pay for cosmetics. That could be kind of fun. Or maybe being able to pay for, you know, like potentially access to different battlefields or arenas or something like that. That could be interesting.
[00:20:54] Lauren: Mm. That could be interesting. I I'd pay a dollar for a cool hat.
[00:21:03] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah, I would totally pay a dollar for a cool hat if it were like my cool hat and I was the only one who had it, right? And that could be a fun way to use some other APIs too, like maybe using the Grok Imagine APIs. You know, to like build some really cool visuals and and making them almost like unique items that are unique to you. So I wonder if we should try to play with that those ideas. Cosmetics and unique items. I'm going to write some of these down so we have it for our whiteboard.
[00:21:39] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I like that.
[00:21:40] Lauren: Uh or like some battleground. I don't know, you know, something like a like a stadium a stadium.
[00:21:44] Matt Palmer: There's some sort of stadium. Stadium. Yeah, stadium school.
[00:21:47] Lauren: And I guess you could like kind of like what you have with sports. You can have like what do you call it advertising on the so yeah.
[00:21:54] Matt Palmer: Okay. So yeah.
[00:21:57] Lauren: I mean, that's like the classic model, I guess, where it doesn't really affect the gameplay. And but it you know, it there's a lot of like eyeballs on that space because um well, one thing I think could be interesting is like um for the ability for someone to watch somebody else's game.
[00:22:14] Matt Palmer: Mm.
[00:22:15] Lauren: Uh so like let's say you, you know, you like you and I get matched up and like maybe there's a link or something that we can share and someone can watch the replay later. So maybe there's something like that where uh it helps with the monetization as well or something. I don't know. We can figure that part out.
[00:22:33] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I like that. I think this part actually creates a really nice flywheel where you have sort of uh folks who are willing to, you know, put put ads into the game, but it doesn't it doesn't change the dynamics of the game, but really because hopefully we can grow this really big and get a bunch of eyeballs on it. And that would be a great way to create a flywheel for you know, the different sort of stadiums or whatever we decide to call them and then have those be fed back in. So I like that a lot. Um okay, I feel like we have a few ideas here. And like any good, you know, uh company, we should prototype some of them. And you know, maybe one of the things that I've noticed too about especially starting zero to one is you really just care about growth and getting getting users as soon as possible. And then, you know, we can layer in the monetization as we go. And as we kind of get a feel for how the product comes together. And so I think the last thing we should figure out is sort of what's the core mechanic of the game. Um so we've talked a little bit about these bots and they have stats and so that they have these abilities that maybe they can use. We'll give them cool names as we talked about. Um but you know, one of the ideas that we were kicking around is maybe we could have these bots sort of face off in some way. As you can kind of assemble your team and like pit it against another team and kind of pit some of these abilities against each other. What do you guys think about that?
[00:23:38] Lauren: Let's do it.
[00:23:39] Roshan: That sounds fun.
[00:23:39] Matt Palmer: Yeah. So I just started drawing this out here as a as an example of that. And like obviously we have some sample stats here, but you know, maybe we could mix some of these around where you had a bot who had uh charisma ability and it faces off a bot that has an intelligence ability and these stats come to bear for how those things like go head-to-head against each other. And like I think they're pretty simple versions of the game, but basically we would start out with sort of like facing off stats one against each other and we can add some cool dynamics for you know, how we modify the stats or you know, give you maybe like how those these abilities we could, you know, use an LLM to help generate what they are. So maybe you get like a special boost that you like roll when you first create your bot.
[00:24:13] Lauren: Yeah.
[00:24:17] Matt Palmer: Uh and then kind of like every every one of these sort of head-to-head things feels like it's a bit of a different a different one. And um you know, then you can go watch the replay. And I feel like there's something here. So maybe we start out with something really simple where you have your team of bots and you set your lineup and then we create some lightweight matchmaking where you get paired against another team of bots. They set their lineup ahead of time or maybe, you know, as part of that part of the matchmaking flow. And they just kind of face off against each other with some of these stats.
[00:24:43] Roshan: So it sounds like right, what we're talking about is the you know, if you have a business, you're selling a product or a service or maybe a good, right? And the product here is a game that you can interact with. And so the business is a game studio that creates the product a game. And then all of the other aspects of building a business are pretty much the same, right? So it's like okay, distribution, how do we get people to discover this game? Well, I guess we're on a a live stream, so that's pretty good. But then also
[00:24:59] Matt Palmer: Right. Oh yeah.
[00:25:08] Roshan: that helps
[00:25:08] Matt Palmer: So we could have SEO and AEU. So maybe that's something I can start working on. We need a nice landing page. We need a way for people to find us. We might think about running some ads. We might have a special guest joining us after the next break that could help us out with some of that stuff.
[00:25:20] Lauren: Ooh, exciting.
[00:25:21] Matt Palmer: I wonder who that could be. Um there might be what we we like, you know, maybe we hire a fourth team mate. I don't know. Anything's on the table, right? We might run some ads.
[00:25:29] Lauren: Seed funding do we get do we get seed funding?
[00:25:31] Roshan: Do we hire an intern?
[00:25:32] Matt Palmer: I mean, I mean the question is how do you get somebody without seed funding? And maybe that's the the we'll answer that question later. Um so um yeah, I think that's a good start of like distribution. And then right, we have maybe the other aspects which are like customer service. How do people reach out and like learn more? Maybe there's like an email. Maybe there's a phone number even that you could call. Um or we source the chat comments. Like maybe maybe our our way of interacting with the community is just directly through X. Like we pull in the chat API or something. Um and we can Yeah, and we can just like hear what people are saying in chat.
[00:25:59] Lauren: That seems super cool. Yeah, I like that. There's probably also going to be some things here on just like customer support and like how to handle questions. Like all the things a classical business would need to your point of like how do we put it together the operations of the business. And that could be a really fun way to bring a bunch of Grokbots to bear, right? Just like what are our Grok how our Grokbots helping us run the whole business too. So we get a little bit of that angle. I think that'd be really cool.
[00:26:05] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Sure. Sweet. Okay. So I was I think we have a bunch of you know, buckets here. We have some monetization stuff. We have some thoughts on features. Uh we have some thoughts on product needs. And then I wanted to just redraw down here how we're thinking about the core flow. So I think for the MVP, our core flow could just be you take your Grok Bot template, you get to draft your team, you set your lineup, and then you get to compete against another lineup. And we'll have to do some algorithm work, I think, which will be really fun to figure out how we actually handle the core game loop and kind of ensure that these are, you know, balanced matches and that folks are able to, you know, feel like they're winning, kind of like creating some incentives to come back. But I think if we start with this, we could really layer on a bunch of complexity to it. Like you could imagine we, you know, up have stat upgrades, we change the abilities. Um you know, we could potentially even like create different sort of arenas that folks are competing in and then kind of change the properties of those over time. And I feel like we have a lot of room we could play with on this. And you know, one thing that I've always felt with ideas like this is that it's really great to have a tight version that we can start with and sort of have that be what we build with upfront and then kind of, you know, evolve that and give us plenty of room to evolve. And so this feels like one where we just have so much potential room for creativity is kind of what I'm what I'm getting. And maybe I'm just getting really excited about the idea, but I feel like we have a lot we could work with here.
[00:27:35] Lauren: I think so. I think there'll be a lot of chances to do some cool engineering things too. And you know, like Dr. Eggbot for example brings in one of my plugins, P-SAC. Got to shamelessly plug it again.
[00:27:41] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. And I think it'd be kind of cool to show off some of the like engineering workflows that I use all the time to work on projects uh and apply it here. But I I do think like
[00:27:56] Roshan: Yeah, that'd be really cool.
[00:28:02] Lauren: there's a lot of this idea has a lot of room for us to show off all the aspects of creating a product and the business and operations that go around it. Right? Because you could easily substitute this for an app, right? It doesn't Yeah, it's it's like a similar process where
[00:28:16] Matt Palmer: Sure. Or if you had a physical business like all of the digital operations that go on around that physical business, right? So cool.
[00:28:23] Roshan: Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Cool. Um Lauren, do you want to take us through some of the thoughts on how we could MVP this? Cuz I feel like maybe
[00:28:32] Lauren: Yes, actually I was typing while you were you were talking.
[00:28:36] Roshan: Prompting while we were talking.
[00:28:37] Lauren: And I I have a rough plan if we look at my screen.
[00:28:42] Roshan: Cool.
[00:28:45] Lauren: Um
[00:28:48] Roshan: Yeah, so we'll get Lauren's screen up. This is
[00:29:43] Matt Palmer: I don't want to I don't want to cut you off, Lauren, but I think we actually have our first talk going live on sales engineering right now. Uh so we're going to cut over to the main stage and we'll jump back into this.
[00:29:47] Lauren: Oh, okay. Yeah, we'll be right back.
[00:29:58] Amrita: Hello
[00:30:00] Amrita: My mic on? Cool. Awesome. Welcome to day two of Grok Bot Galaxy. I'm super excited to be here. My name is Amrita. I am a field engineer here at Cursor. And we have a really great great suite of workshops for today. Um we're starting off with Grok Bot for sales engineers. And then we'll have Grok Bot for sales later today, Grok Bot for SDRs. Um we have one specific for customer support. Um and then throughout all of this, we'll be following along with Matt, Lauren, and Roshan on how their company is going. So super exciting day. Thank you all for tuning in. Um and yeah, let's get started. All right. So today's session is Grok Bot for sales engineers. Um what I'm planning on doing with today's session is kind of similar to the other ones. I'm showing three bots. Um these are three bots that I actually use on a day-to-day. Um two of them will be in a demo project. So you'll see kind of how it works in sort of a sandbox scenario. And then one of them I'll show I actually use every day for curating particular customer kind of case study slides when I need to do uh external facing calls. Um I'll do a quick overview of Grok Bot for folks who maybe this is the first time turning in um or tuning into the Grok Bot Galaxy event. Um so we'll do a quick overview about Grok Bot. I'll talk a little bit about why we created it, what makes it different from some of the other products out there. And then we'll get into the use cases that I'll talk about. And then a demo. And we'll have some time for questions at the end. So if you do have questions, please save them for the last 15 minutes or so. And we'll have some build time for folks in person. So I'm happy to come around and see how you all are using Grok Bot. There are little uh coasters, I think, at your table that show you different use cases of how we use Grok Bot. So if you want to scan the back, there's a QR code that kind of shows you a template of a Grok Bot you might be interested in. Okay. Um we showed this slide yesterday, but I want to kind of hone in on exactly what this means where we're moving towards a world that's less kind of task-based and one-off kind of request to an AI tool. And more so a team of bots kind of at your service working together on a task. Um so we're really going from a you know a chatbot type world to more like a team of colleagues. And what's nice about this is when I think about Grok Bot, I think about a tool that actually gives me finished work. Um and that's the beauty of it is it's not meant to be something that you have to constantly babysit or something that is always, you know, just at your computer, that you always have to keep your laptop open for. It's literally meant to be like a teammate where, you know, it can work maybe while you're on vacation, you're away. It can work while you're asleep. It can work because you can, you know, talk to it on your phone like you would a normal colleague. And so we're going to words a world um where that's going to be happening all the time for all different types of domains. So whether you're in sales, you're in product, you're in engineering, you're going to have a staff or a team of bots at your service that can help you basically accomplish work that maybe you didn't have time for before, maybe you're not looking forward to. But you're also kind of having them ready to go with the context and memory that you're kind of providing them. Okay. So for folks who haven't seen Grok Bot before, um first I recommend downloading it. Uh it's on Android, iOS, and the Mac. So if you haven't downloaded it yet, please do. Um and it's kind of the best way to to see it and try it out for yourself. Um there's a couple main things to highlight here. The first is kind of the interface itself. So if you've used iMessage or maybe any form of like a a chat or texting interface, you'll see that it looks pretty similar. Um on the left is where all your bots live. Um and as you can see, you can message them like teammates. So you can say good morning to your bots, you can thank them. You can basically go back and forth with them because they have this long-lived memory that it's able to learn from you know what you've said before. If maybe you've told it that you didn't like how it did something a particular way, it keeps that in its memory and it's able to do better the next time around. And we'll see an example of that actually in this demo. Um you will also see that bots have their own computers. And so this is kind of what I mean where bots are like colleagues is no longer do you have to maybe connect each bot to every single service or provider that you want to have access to. Your bot can do a lot of that for you. Um an example that we did yesterday was a bot making its own Google form. Um an example that I've heard from the crowd is a bot logging into MongoDB and kind of analyzing your database and making sure that everything is, you know, up to snuff. And then I think another cool thing about computer use is you can monitor what it's doing in the computer itself. So if for example I want to take over its computer, I totally can. I can also control from an enterprise level what it has access to in that computer. So if for some reason I don't want it to access a particular website or I don't want it to download a particular thing, I can always keep that in my admin controls so that, you know, you don't want the bot making decisions that you wouldn't take yourself. And then automations and routines. That's a huge one. Um and I think it's something that people constantly look for with AI tools is, hey how can I automate or have a repetitive task be done without me having to think about it. Um a common one that I have actually is I subscribe to a bunch of different, you know, AI newsletters and podcasts. And I've started not to keep track of all of them. And so every morning I'll have bot actually look through my email, find the newsletters that are relevant to me, and then just create them in a daily digest and summarize them in Slack. And then it just messages me every morning saying, hey here's what you missed from, you know, these podcasts, these newsletters. And it helps me keep up to date. But it's also something that I no longer have to think about. Um similarly there's a very common like morning brief, morning digest for your work if there are Slack messages that you've missed overnight. Um I do like to highlight that for distributed teams Grok Bot is really a game changer because you can go from, you know, having to wait on work being done from other teammates or other tools to just having something that's really always on and always at your service. And so that's kind of the beauty of Grok Bot is that it's really great for distributed teams. But also it's for it's a multiplier. It's a force multiplier for you wherever you are. Um and then the last thing is sharing your bots with others. So you see here on these kind of little coasters that we have QR codes. Uh that's for, you know, public bots that are available on the marketplace. If you want to share bots with your team at work, you can do that as well. Uh for example we have bots that are specific to the sales team that we all, you know, share. There's bots on the engineering team that they share with us as well. And so bots are meant to be multiplier, they're meant to be used and shared. Um and also creates a sense of consistency across the company. Is, you know, you want to make sure that let's say the the sales bot is not using different resources that maybe someone else's sales bot is. So having that consistency of bots is also very important. Okay. Um I touched a little bit on some of this like why Grok Bot and what makes it different. Um I think the main things to highlight here is it's very easy to use. Um I think a lot of tools when you first spin it up, you don't know where to start, you don't know how to kind of connect things. Grok Bot kind of learns all of that for you. Um you'll see it actually when we work with a bot from scratch today. Uh it will basically ask me like, hey what am I being used for and how can I best help you? And we'll also do something cool. We'll actually ask one of the Grok Bot today to spin up its own team of bots. I'm basically going to ask it, hey what bots do you think would be helpful for you? If I had to ask you to hire your own team, what would be useful for you? And a bot can actually make that decision. And so bots spinning up other bots or bots working with their other, you know, teammates is what really makes Grok Bot this like multiplayer, force multiplier tool. Um and then as I mentioned, computer use and the fact that it can do an entire task end-to-end. Um one thing that I really like about Grok Bot is if I give it a task and again it's in the cloud, so it's always on, I can come back and trust that the task will be done. It's not going to sit waiting for my approval, it's not going to go back and forth and like should I do this decision, should I not? It will finish the task and then I can tweak it or steer it however I want. But the goal is that you're not just sitting and waiting for it to get do something, you're actually coming back to finished work which really really saves a lot of time. Cool. Um so as I mentioned, these are some sales engineer use cases that I have seen um at SpaceX and also three of them actually I'll be showing today. Um and so the engineer technical resource David Gan will probably go more into detail about this in his customer support support session. So if you're interested in that, definitely take a look. Um but what's nice about this is we get a lot of customer questions about security, we get questions about how Grok Bot was built, how is memory being stored, um how is it, you know, what type of computer is it using? Is it a Linux VM? All of these technical questions, some of them are in our docs, but some of them also are just in the implementation of Grok Bot, right? It's in the repository. And so what I do as a sales engineer is I actually have a expert, I call him Sherlock. And what he does is he basically has access to a repository. So he has access to, you know, the Grok Bot repository. And so if a customer asks me a question, I can go ask Sherlock, hey a customer is curious like do we support X, Y, and Z? Sherlock comes back. But what's nice about this is I've actually steered Sherlock to make sure that he doesn't ever, you know, release any IP, that he phrases thing in an easy to understand way if I need to communicate this to maybe someone more high level, someone that's not down in the weeds. And so that's kind of the beauty of this particular Grok Bot is that it's meant to understand things technically, but then phrase them back to me as to how I would, you know, tell a customer. And then competitive Intel. This is a really fun one. Um competitive Intel is basically a bot that I created. I named it Serena Williams because I'm a big tennis fan. And she's also very famous for studying her competitors and watching how they play. Um but what Serena does is she actually uses competitor products in her own computer and then tells me, hey by the way this competitor is using or is doing something different than how your product is. Um is that something that you want to put on your road map or something that you'd want to change? And we'll see an example of that today actually of Serena actually going and trying out a competitor product, giving me feedback on, you know, what's different between my product and theirs. Um and then maybe suggesting like what I can what actions I can take later. Um Echo is something that I think Christa and Mark will show in a later session. It's basically live curating a deck during a customer call. Really neat tool. Um I I don't use it often, but what I usually do is before a customer call, I'll give it context, I'll give it notes. And then what I'll do is I have this giant master deck of slides of anything from, you know, uh case studies that we've done with customers to benchmarks, everything in one kind of master deck. And based on the notes that I've given it of what the customer is interested in, it'll curate those slides and basically highlight what's important in, you know, what the customer wants. And then now I have like a specific deck catered to that customer that I can show later. So we'll show an example of this today. Um but in the build session if you all are curious about this type of bot, I'm happy to build it out with you. Okay. Cool. Awesome. So let's get started with the demo then. Um we have three bots today. We have Mimi. Um she's going to be kind of the slide customer proof point researcher. Sherlock, as I mentioned, is my technical expert. Um and then Serena Williams is my competitive Intel one. Um and that will be fun to see. So let's see how they do. All right. So the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to show you my bots. They are right here. Um I'm going to start with Mimi. So what's nice about Mimi, you'll see that I've had a conversation with her over the past I think couple days. And the goal of Mimi, if I actually click on her here is let me actually click into sorry into her um into her description. Um basically what Mimi does is she has access to a slide deck. So you can see it here. She has access to the slide deck once the computer connects. And what she's able to do is she's able to curate the deck and create customer case studies for me. So I have a bunch of slides about, you know, SpaceX and this is what I would present to a customer. But what's nice about kind of my case studies is they all look the same, right? So I have one, for example, for Starlink and how they use SpaceX. And this is based on a public blog post about how Starlink uses, you know, the API. And they all look the same. They all have the same template which is problem, solution, impact, and then a quote from the from the blog post. And often what I do, right, is let say I'm meeting with a hardware customer. Um and I need to present to them an example of how one of our existing hardware customers has used Cursor or has used SpaceX. Um I basically give Mimi a blog post or maybe even notes from a previous conversation with a customer. And all I do is I basically tell her to create a slide like this. So we're going to do that a live example of that. Um you'll see that she did one for Jellyfish recently. Jellyfish just did a blog post about how they use Cursor for code review. And so all I did was I say, hey we actually go up here. I said I just want you to do your job for Jellyfish. And here is the blog post. And boom. You know, she went through. She said, okay here's what I'm going to do for Jellyfish based on reading this blog post. This is the problem, this is the solution, impact, quote. And then the nice thing about Mimi is again because she has access to her own her own computer, she can create these slides for me and then take screenshots. So she's like, okay this is, you know, the Jellyfish logo. She was able to actually go to the Jellyfish brand page, get the right logo, and put that on the slide. And then this is the problem, solution, impact, and quote. And so let's do an example of this live and see how how Mimi does. So what I'm going to do actually is I'm going to go back to the browser here. Um and I'm going to take this blog post. I thought it was very apt because it's a Salesforce blog post about how they use Cursor to cut legacy code coverage time by 85%. I'm just going to take this guy and I'm going to go to Mimi. And I'm going to say can you create another one of these slides for Salesforce for me? And I'll just link the blog post here. And actually I'll specifically just say blog post here so she knows. And so what she'll do and, you know, we'll come back to this at the end of the session to see how she does is she'll be able to take this um create a slide from it and then, you know, actually insert that slide into the slide deck here. So again what I'm opening here is Mimi's computer. As I mentioned, I can take control of it, you know, I can click around in it. But what you'll actually see, which is very cool, is Mimi will have her own cursor in here. So Mimi will start editing the slide. Um she'll give me an update on, you know, when it's ready and how it's doing. Um and then once she's done, she'll go ahead and present it back to me just like she did with Jellyfish. So I'll let Mimi go here. I just want to make sure um that she can access this. Um but while she's working I'm actually going to go to the other two bots. So Sherlock and um and Serena Williams. So I am just going to switch my account here so you all can see the other two bots. Um here we go. So Grok Bot for sales engineers, these are the two bots. Um I have something very similar to Serena in my in my other account that specifically looks for Grok Bot competitors and you know what they do differently. Um but for today I'm actually going to work in a booking app that we at SpaceX just created as a demo project. So the app that we actually have is something called Flylo. Uh think about it as a very simple booking flight booking app. So basically what we did is we created this entire company called Flylo. Um they're meant to book flights for anybody. You can upgrade your seat, you can change your flight, you know, whenever you want. Very similar to Expedia or Google Flights, any other flight booking app that you see. Um what's nice about this is, you know, we have created a whole like suite of engineering products that power Flylo. So there's a front end, there's a back end, there's a web app, there's an internal app for the crew to use. Um and what's nice is my Grok Bot Sherlock bot has access to all of these things. So if I actually go back to Sherlock here, you can see I gave him kind of a description. I said you're a technical expert on Flylo um and you support the website flyloair.com. Um I gave him access to the particular repos, so the booking back end, the booking front end. Um and then I also say if there's a customer issue, I want you to be able to kind of investigate and then communicate what could be wrong to a customer. Um so I worked with Sherlock a little bit yesterday. I was just curious. I was wondering, hey how do we support a race condition for maybe someone trying to book two flights at the same time or they're trying to book the same seat at the same time. And so what you'll see is that Sherlock actually uses Cursor Cloud Agents under the hood, which is what makes it um really easy and what makes it able for me to close my laptop is that Sherlock is basically able to say, okay I'm going to dig into how booking handles two people grabbing the same flight at once. Um you'll notice that it says here, all right Flylo doesn't let two different customers confirm the same last cabin. Um the protection is in Postgres, which is good to know. Um and then it kind of covers two different use cases, right? A last remaining ticket or if someone's booking the same actual seat, what do you do in those scenarios? And then what's nice about this and this is what I would recommend for anyone working in like a customer facing or just support role where you have to respond back about how things work is this is what you should tell a customer is that we hold the last remaining cabin space when you start checkout for 10 minutes. And if someone else started first, you know, you'll get a conflict when trying to book. Um and so this is kind of what maybe I would even tell it can say, all right draft this and is it in draft it in an email and send it to this customer. Or I can even say um okay this looks great. Can you actually send it for me myself? And then I can give it a particular, you know, approval to send an email or a Slack for me. Um so this is the great thing about Sherlock is that it's able to be a technical expert and answer questions for me if I'm ever, you know, confused about how something was implemented inside of my product. Now let's go to Serena. Um so Serena, as I mentioned, um is a competitive Intel bot. And so what she's going to do is she's going to use her own computer to test out competitor products, see how they compare to Flylo. So I'm assuming she'll probably text out products like Expedia, maybe Skyscanner, Google Flights. Um and then also check and talk to Sherlock and see, you know, hey do we implement, for example, this whole race condition thing? Like does Expedia implement that or is this something specific to just how we do it? Um does Expedia do it better? Do they talk about it in their technical blogs? Um something that I do whenever I'm kind of researching competitors and want to try out what other products are doing is I always read their change log, their feature releases, their blogs cuz it's kind of a way for me to see like, okay what are they doing differently or how are they implementing things differently? And Serena can kind of do all of that for you. In fact you can even set up a routine here and say, hey Serena like every week maybe can you summarize uh what has happened recently with the Expedia technical blog or with the Skyscanner technical blog. And let me know um if they've shipped anything recently that I should be aware of. Um a very common I think tool in travel apps and websites right now is like an AI travel agent. Um so what we'll do actually is we'll talk to Serena and see like, hey are you able to see that in some of these other products? Are there products that are doing that right now? And I'm actually going to have her talk to Sherlock and see what would be the technical lift actually of being able to build like an AI agent inside of Flylo. Um so let's go ahead and get started here. I'm actually just going to say um what are some competitor products that you think are worth testing against Flylo? And you'll see that what's nice about Grok Bot is it thinks and it's able to kind of communicate what it's saying if you ask it to. But for the most part it'll actually do a lot of its work behind the scenes. Um so I can always ask it sometimes which is like, what are you thinking or what's going on? Um but sometimes what it does and because it kind of operates pretty fast is it'll tell you exactly how it's going to go about, for example, testing something like this um once it's done kind of percolating on this. Um so as you can see, it's going to say, okay I'm you know connecting. I'm going to be able to find you some competitor products. Um as you can see it messaged Sherlock already. Um so it said, hey Sherlock, I'm doing some competitor product testing against Flylo. Um quick baseline ask, what can the current Flylo booking code base support today? Do they search, you know, do they support searching, fare selection, seats, bags? Um any known gaps versus a typical booking flow that I should weigh when I compare? So again I didn't really give Serena any context. All I did was um if we go back to Serena, all I did was give her a description. And then she immediately was able to kind of understand what she had to do. Um but now she's going to give me some options here. So I said let's go with let's go with Southwest and Spirit. Let's see how those booking experiences compare to Flylo. Um and then as you can see again she will work with Sherlock to kind of go back and forth. So Sherlock is actually now going to say, all right Serena asked me for a Flylo booking flow baseline. I'm going to pull what the code actually supports and then I'll reply back to her and let her know like, hey we support these things but maybe Southwest and Spirit Airlines don't. Um what I'll also do while Serena is working and this is a very cool part of Grok Bot is I can steer her in a particular direction. So for example if I want to say um you know I want her maybe not to test just the booking flow. I want her to test like what are the agentic capabilities that are there in these flight booking apps right now. Uh I'm going to go ahead and just say can you see if there are any AI travel agent capabilities in any of the competitor tools that we should be aware of. And what you can also see here at the top right is that Serena is actually doing the Southwest booking flow on her own. And so as I mentioned, a lot of times I don't get the time um or, you know, I I don't I don't have the time to be able to test out booking or any sort of competitor products what like step by step. I don't get that developer experience. And so what is nice is that I I'm kind of outsourcing that to Serena. So she can tell me, hey like the the Southwest booking experience is actually great. Um and it's actually a lot better than Flylo. And these are the ways that Flylo can be better. Um and I don't have to do this just for Southwest. I can have Serena do this for a million different, you know, booking flow websites. And so if you're ever wondering like, hey I don't have time to see what the competitors are doing in my space or how they how they fare compared to my own product, you should really spin up a competitor Intel product. It's very powerful and also just really interesting to see like how these products do in comparison to your own product here. Um so we can see here she's actually like like picking on dates and actually trying to see how booking works in Southwest versus Flylo. Um what's nice about this as well is, you know, you can also ask it to open up another tab and do the same thing in Spirit. You can ask it to do it the same thing in Expedia. So if there's any particular things that you wanted to test, you can actually explicitly say that inside of Serena Williams um uh the bot. Okay. Cool. So as I said, I kind of steered her in a particular way. Let's say I want to, you know, test something more than just booking. Let's say I also want to test like the AI travel travel agent capabilities. This basically allowed her to not abandon this per se but also just incorporate this as a part of what she's doing. So as I mentioned, bots have memories and bots can learn. But what's nice about that is that they're also able to remember if you've asked it multiple things at once. I think sometimes what can be frustrating with other tools is you ask it a question and then you're like, actually I want to do something else. But the minute you ask it the second question, it forgets exactly what the first question was. And you know you can't really give it proper instructions on how you want to incorporate both of those things. Grok Bot is actually able to really understand that. Um so as you can see here, it did some few it did some like initial discussions into like what the travel agent plays is for Flylo. It tells me exactly what we offer. Um and then it's also seeing kind of like where uh or what I changed for Flylo here. So she's able to understand my question immediately and kind of come back to me. But at the same time she's also still doing the booking flow testing that I asked her to do earlier. So it's kind of a mix of both, which is really great. And what makes it a force multiplier here is that this bot is able to multitask and do many things at once. Okay. I'm going to check in on Sherlock here and see how he's doing. Looks like he's looking again at like our booking flow baseline and what we're offering as our product. You can see here that the cloud agents are being launched in Cursor. Um so one is being launched in uh I believe the back end one in the front end. And I can always open them and see exactly how they're being launched, what they're doing. This is kind of the integration between Grok Bot and Cursor is once, you know, we're able to get any technical information from the repo itself, we immediately can talk back to Serena and give her information as to how we've implemented something. Um and this is great again when you want to talk to customers cuz a very common question I get is, you know, competitive differentiation, what makes one product better than the other? How do you guys implement something differently? And this is where I actually work with these bots together so that they can talk to each other, understand what the competitive threats are, and then see what we do in our repo to kind of make that or assuage those worries. All right. So I'll let these two guys run. Um as you can see still doing the Southwest booking here um which is good. I want it to be able to get that full experience. Um let's check back in with Mimi and see how she's doing. Um so if we go back to this account here and I open up Mimi. Oh let's go ahead and just resend that um and that way she'll be able to get the information from that blog post again. Hopefully she'll be able to see that. What's nice about having bots that talk to each other um I'm actually going to switch back to Sherlock and Serena. There we go. Um is once they have a conversation, you can use that conversation as a template for how you want them to interact in the future. Um so I showed this yesterday but if the folks are curious, instead of kind of going in between both of these bots and kind of seeing what they're messaging each other, sometimes what I like to do is I put two bots in a group chat and then get that visibility of how they message each other in one place. So I'll actually put Sherlock and Serena Williams in a chat. Oh sorry. Looks like it put two different people. 1 second. I'll do another group chat here. Let's do Sherlock and ah Sherlock and Serena Williams. There we go. Oh it looks like it's automatically putting me and another person in the chat. So if I add Sherlock and Serena Williams here basically what you can do now, if we go back to that where do we go? Sherlock and Serena do do go back here. There we go. Now both of them are in this chat here. And now I can say something like um what have you found is the key differentiator in our competitors that would be significantly you know low effort to build in the product. And what they can do is they can basically have a conversation with each other both based on what they've learned already. So Sherlock now knows kind of that Serena cares about the booking flow. Serena now knows that I care about, you know, agentic capabilities. And they're able to use the context of what I've given it already and be able to talk to each other about all of these things in one place. Um and so you'll see here that Sherlock and Serena Williams are going to work together now to come back to me with an updated kind of response or solution on what they think would make sense. Um and what's nice about this is you can basically take the context of both of these agents together and then create a PR or a product doc that you can then send off to your technical team. Um and so you'll see here in the marketplace that we have a lot of different bots uh that are published by, you know, our team members but also publicly. But then we also have plugins or tools that you can connect to that make it really easy to kind of plug in whatever you found out from your bots into some sort of like paper trail. Um and so maybe what I would do here is once Sherlock and Serena have come up with the plan of let's say they want to build, you know, a travel agent, an AI travel agent because Southwest doesn't have one and Expedia doesn't have one and that would be our biggest kind of moat. What I can do is I can connect it immediately to Google Docs. Um I can connect it to Atlassian or Confluence. Um if you guys use a tool, maybe you guys use Microsoft OneNote or a tool that doesn't actually have a plugin or an MCP, you can just ask uh Sherlock or Serena to log into that tool on their computer. Um and so we covered this a little bit yesterday but I want to hone in on how important it is that a tool not having an MCP or an API is not a blocker. Um because the the bots have access to their own computers, they can log into whatever tools that they want or that you want on the computer. And that makes it a lot easier to integrate with tools that are historically very hard to integrate with. For example we get a lot of users that use Power BI um and have had trouble using AI agentically with Power BI. Bot can log into Power BI on its on its computer. Um similarly I think the MongoDB example is also great where I don't believe we have a MongoDB plugin but that doesn't mean that you can't use MongoDB and Grok Bot anymore. So again remember that if your bot or plugin doesn't exist inside of this marketplace, your
[01:00:00] Amrita: can still use it because it has access to it on its computer. I want to cover one last thing while I'm here, which is you can see that I have some private skills set up. This is one that I created yesterday, which is actually showing a bot how to do a slide deck animation. What's cool about this is you can teach it multiple different skills and it can apply those skills at the right time depending on when it should be used. So we can actually teach Sherlock a task or teach Serena a task. For example, you can see here that, you know, she's doing something with her computer with booking Southwest. So I'll let her keep doing that. But let say I want to teach Sherlock something. Let say I want to teach it how to let me think maybe how to go and see for itself if there is a technical post released in like the GitHub change log for a competitor. So what I can do is I can just take over Sherlock screen. And I would recommend everyone actually doing something like this during the build session with me. It's one of the biggest lever ways to use Grok Bot is actually by teaching it something via video recording. And I'm just going to say teach a task. And I'm going to go open up Google. You can see it's pretty fast. And I'm going to say something like Expedia technical blog post. And then I'm just going to go ahead and click this guy. I know, ironic. And then we're going to scroll in here and you can see, okay, they have like a medium cool and then they have a bunch of stuff. This is about GraphQL. Maybe I want to search and see is there anything AI related here and then look into that. Looks like nothing really. Oh, maybe this one, reimagining platform engineering for a dentic future. Scroll here, see exactly what they're doing and are building. And then that's it. I pause it and I'm done. And now what's nice about this is Sherlock will now have all the details about that skill or that video. And what I can do is I can say, okay, you know, now use that skill and apply it to other other competitors. So do the same thing for for Southwest or for Spirit or for SkyScanner or for Google Flights. And now it's going to be able to know how to scan technical blogs, look for AI related things. You can see here it says, okay, the recording is finished, learn the task from it. And then I can even highlight particular things from that skill or that video and tell Grok Bot to particularly pay attention to those. So I can say something like and I'll use voice mode actually for this. I'll say notice that I specifically looked for AI related blog posts in my competitor products. And I wanted to make sure that we are staying on top of our AI tooling inside of our own product. So I'm going to try and apply this to as many competitors as possible. As you can see, I did this skill inside of Sherlock. I could have done it inside of Serena as well. It's kind of up to you on where you think the skill will be leveraged most. But as you can see here in the marketplace, the skills are basically being used by all the bots at all times. So it doesn't matter where you create the skill, the skill will still be learned and used by by the different bots here. Cool. Okay. So we're going to go back and see how Serena is doing. Actually, let's check on our group chat where I basically asked them to come together as a team and figure out, okay, where can we actually make a change or a difference with this product. So you can see Sherlock was saying, okay, from the codebase side of things looks like every competitor treats this as basic table stakes, which is for managing booking on the back end for trips. And so that's one easy way that we can fix things. Also the second is a flexible date calendar. Looks like this is live and the front end client already has it wired, but it never calls it. This would be a classic differentiator for us and very easy to wire up. And then Serena says, okay, round trip and bags look big, but they're not low effort here. The bags aren't a skew. I'm curious which of manage booking versus calendar felt most painful when you were on those tools. So they're working together here. They're kind of figuring out what exactly is, you know, the biggest lift here or what would be the easiest thing to implement. I want to notice or I want to point out something here, which is that Sherlock tags Serena Williams in this. And this is a cool way for bots again to communicate with each other is if Sherlock wanted exactly, you know, something specific from a bot, you can either do that yourself. So for example, I can tag Serena myself and say, hey, Serena, I'm specifically talking to you. But the bot can also do that on its own as well. And that's a really cool way for bots to communicate and specifically get information that they need from, you know, a bot with memory and context on that information. Okay. So we have these two bots. I think I mentioned earlier that I wanted to do something different, which is I wanted to ask the bots what bots would be helpful to them. And I do this sometimes when, you know, I'm working and I have a team, but I want to see like, okay, what can actually what can I do to help this team and to make it, you know, operate faster or more efficiently or with better memory and context. So what I'll do here is I'll actually go let's go to Sherlock, sure. And I can say I can say based on the work that you and Serena, I'll tag Serena here, are doing what bots would be helpful for you to continue doing great work specifically around competitive differentiation and sales engineering. And I'll say go ahead and spin up those bots for me. So this is a little known fact, which is bots can spin up other bots. You can ask a bot to say, for example, if you have a chief of staff bot, which is I think one of our most common bots, you can say, hey, I want you to spin up three bots that you think would be the most helpful for my day to day. And usually what the chief of staff bot will do is they'll spin up like an inbox manager, maybe a scheduler and maybe like a a calendar manager or something like that. But I'm actually very curious here to see what the bot thinks it would be helpful in this scenario and how exactly it chooses those bots to spin up. And this is also great if you're starting out with Grok Bot for the first time. Let's say you're a sales engineer, you work at a particular company, you guys have a very particular workflows, and you know, you do demos, you do particular things that are very specific and are not, you know, one to one with what I showed. Go ahead and ask Grok Bot to spin up some bots for you and say, hey, I want to be able to create a demo for, you know, a POC that I have with my AE in a couple weeks. It's for this particular customer. Spin up three bots for me that you think would be useful in order for me to accomplish this task. Grok Bot is here to help you. It's not here to add extra work or to, you know, give you extra managerial responsibilities. It's here to tackle problems together on the same page. And so that's kind of why I like having it spin up its own bots is because it's able to do that without me kind of having to think exactly what I want those bots to be doing. So good kind of trick if you want to to work on multiple things or, you know, whether that be competitive differentiation, creating demos, working inside of Salesforce, you can do all those things with these bots kind of here. Okay. We have about eight or so minutes left. I want to check back in with Mimi and see how she's doing. I know there's a bit of an outage earlier today. Okay, cool. Looks like she's working. She says already on Salesforce from your last message. I'm checking whether the pair is in yet. I'm still building the Salesforce pair. I'll send both screenshots when it's in the deck. Looks like she's having trouble logging in again. Let's see if we can go back in and log in for her. So again, this is an example of how you can take control of logging in to oh, look, that looks great. You can take control of logging in to a slide or doc or any thing in Google Drive for you. Looks like it actually created those two slides perfectly for me. So if the logo was a little small, but at least it got the right logo. And then what it also did is it took that exact same blog post that I gave it and created a slide for me. So it said here's the problem, legacy repos were far below the coverage mandate. This is the solution, this is the impact, and this is a quote from the blog. Easy, done within, you know, the last 10-15 minutes or so. And now I have a nice kind of template of a slide that I can give, let's say if I'm speaking to Service Now or any other Salesforce competitor to be like, hey, by the way, we've done cursor with Salesforce and they had a great, you know, use case with us. So we can do this one more time if you guys want to see it again. We can just keep Mimi in the loop. We have a good use case with Grab. Grab uses cursor. Grab cursor study. Let's see. Here we go. Another blog post published by Grab. I'm going to go ahead and do this one last one. Go back to Mimi here and say great work. Can you do one for Grab? And again, as I mentioned with the steering, I could have sent all of these to Mimi at once. I could say, hey, do Salesforce, do Grab, do this other customer story that we have. And then she can create all of these. And then what what I could do, which is kind of what I showed earlier with the Echo Grok Bot, is when I have my customer, you know, call or I have to present these, I can tell Mimi, hey, hide the slides or hide the case studies that wouldn't be relevant for this customer. Let's say the customer is Uber. They don't maybe they care more about the Grab case study than they do about the Salesforce case study, something similar to that. And so I can kind of send all of these off. Again, I can do these from my phone. I don't even have to have my laptop open. Mimi can work on all of these case studies and all of these slides for me. She knows exactly how to do them now given that I gave her the exact template, which is logo and then problem solution impact and quote. And then I can just, you know, feel free to use these slides whenever I want. And that's actually how I make a lot of my slides with with Grok Bot is I ask it to follow a template because I don't want it to, you know, come up with anything too sloppy or too wordy. I know exactly how I want my slide to be organized. But then once I have the content for it, for example, this blog post Mimi, the Grok Bot, was able to be smart enough to take the most important parts of this blog post, organize them into the right places, put them into a Google slide for me. And then now I'm able to go to my customer ready and prepped. So it's a really beautiful end to end flow, kind of bringing it back to what I said earlier, which is finished work is the best part of Grok Bot is you are no longer spending time reading through this blog, figuring out what the main points are, putting that into a slide, designing the slide, making sure everything looks nice, getting the logo. Grok Bot did all of that within the last 10 to 15 minutes. And it can do that for as many different customers as you want. So as you can see, it says, all right, Grab next. I'm going to check that the Salesforce status works and pull that engineering post. I'm actually going to say Salesforce looks great. You can go ahead and start working on Grab. And hopefully by the time Q&A is over today, we can see the Grab slide as well in addition to the Salesforce slide. But this is what I want to highlight when it comes to, you know, what makes my job easier is a lot of times I have to create slides for, you know, sometimes 15 20 different customers in a week. And having Mimi as like my slide guru, but also my customer proof point reader, um, actually sometimes what I'll do is I'll ask her to to crawl the web and just see all of these blog posts, like the Salesforce one, the Grab one. These are not published by cursor. These are published by these companies. And sometimes we don't really get updates as to when these companies publish these posts. So sometimes I'll ask Mimi, I'll be like, hey, have there been any customer posts recently about cursor or SpaceX recently that would be good to highlight in my deck. And then if so, go ahead and create a slide for it. And that can that's something that can easily become a routine. Um, and so really really great and easy. Um, and I just love slides that look nice, you know. Everyone I think has seen a lot of slides that they all look the same, they all use that same purple color because they're all AI generated. But not anymore, not when you give Grok Bot the template, the memory, the context of how you want things to get done and then it's able to work off of that. Okay. Um, I'll let Mimi work on Grab. I'll come back to her during the Q&A. I do want to quickly go back to Sherlock and Serena um, and see how both of them are doing. As I mentioned, I taught Sherlock how to use that AI kind of blog skills that it's able to find out what our competitors are doing. Um, but you can also see here that these are the three bots that, um, that my, uh, Sherlock bot spun up. So if you remember earlier, I said, hey, based on the work that you and Serena are doing, what bots would be helpful for you to continue doing great work. And you can see it spun up those three bots for me. So let's see what these bots do. Battle card Blair, competitive differentiation and sales engineering battle cards. So this is useful. So in addition to maybe just having customer case study slides, maybe what I can do with battle card Blair is she can work with Mimi and create slides against my competitors. So not only do I have case studies on what customers like cursor, I can do have case studies on, you know, what customers are different from cursor and what makes them different. So this looks great. It says it combines Serena's hands-on competitor product findings with Sherlock's fly low codebase, produce short SC ready battle cards, competitor claims, file a reality, etc etc. Looks good. I'll probably keep her around. Demo Drake, let's see what you're up to. Sales engineering demo and talk tracks battle list, build confident, no hallucination demo scripts and call talk tracks that map customer pain to the fly low live flow. Ground every claim in Sherlock. I love this. I think this is important is that it it knows that Sherlock is a technical expert and so it refers to that going forward. And then when competitive contrast is needed, you can pull from Serena or from battle card Blair. So this is what I'm saying is that you have this team now that it's all working together on the same outcome and the same projects. And that makes things so much easier when you have, for example, so many different things to manage or to keep track of, you get all of that here. And then the last one is AI radar. Let's see what this one is doing. Okay, track competitor AI tooling from public tech blogs. So this honestly is maybe a little too similar to Serena. Maybe I need him, maybe I don't. Um, maybe I I don't want him because he doesn't have a queue alliterative name like the other ones. Um, but you can see here that this one prefers to, you know, specifically go through engineering posts. It opens each blog, finds the AI related posts. So it's actually using that skill that I taught, um, I taught Sherlock earlier. Um, and then again, use this Sherlock as a source of truth always. And then hands any, you know, testing or user user flows to Serena to do on her own computer. So as I mentioned, you can always spin up your own bots just by asking them to do it. Um, a very, I think, common uh, joke at cursor is or at SpaceX is if someone asks us like, can we do this? I am like ask Grok Bot. Um, and a lot of times that's how we work is there are times where Grok Bot will say no. In fact, I think that's actually a big advantage of the Grok model is it's one of the few models I feel that actually pushes back um, and will say I cannot do something. It won't always kind of just be siccophantic and tell me yes or or yeah, of course, you're absolutely right. Um, and so sometimes what I'll do is I'll use, you know, these these bots as my as my like as my helpers basically to figure out what else I can do next. Um, and that's that's the beauty of Grok Bot. Um, I'll bring Mimi back up, but I think, um, we are about to wrap up pretty soon. Um, yeah, we'll do some Q&A, uh, for folks in person. But thank you so much for joining and I I hope this was useful everybody.
[01:00:06] Matt Palmer: I don't want to say the wrong person, uh, off the top of my head. But make interfaces feel better. If you look that one up, you should find it pretty easy. Um, so my sort of MVP here, um, is just like a button based lander with create next app. Um, and I kicked this off kinde of without anybody else knowing. So Lauren can critique my my sort of like architecture here. But it's this like basically pretty pretty like, uh, pretty lightweight. And one of the things that I always like to include in my new projects is like OG meta tags and just like basic site meta information. If you're unfamiliar, meta information is like, um, the the if you Google search a site, like the title and the description and then also the image if you like post something on Twitter that you see. So it adds a really nice kind of level of polish. So what it did was I like approved this. Uh, and it was actually nice because Grok Bot made it the right correction, which was that it actually started to applying like subtract before you add principles, like simplify things, like removing auth, removing a whitelist. We really just want like a a V1. Um, and then I I kicked it out to a cursor cloud agent with a P-stack prompt, uh, to start working. So like my agent will start using potato mode if I'm is that a correct terminology? Like should I say use P-stack? Do I say use potato mode?
[01:16:01] SPEAKER_01: Mic check, mic check, mic check.
[01:16:06] SPEAKER_02: Hello. Thank you very much for this workshop. Just one question about when the bot is navigating through another desktop. Imagine you're locked in you're logged into your Facebook account, for example. Can it be blocked because you see it's a it's a it's a just a bot or and how can we avoid on getting banned from these um, this website?
[01:16:31] Amrita: Yeah, it's a good question. So I think we all saw the I'm not a robot captcha check earlier. That has come up a couple times. Um, and, you know, depending on the website and how strong their their services are for detecting bots, sometimes I can't get past those. Um, and so it really it really depends sometimes on the website. What I do recommend and obviously, you know, Grok Bot can be used for for personal use cases as well as work use cases is for enterprises we recommend our admins kind of blocking sites like obviously you don't really need to be using Facebook and other tools during work. And so you have that option in Grok Bot is to block access to particular websites on the Grok Bot computer. Um, but yeah, my my honest answer is that there are some sites that will be able to tell, some sites that won't. Um, these kind of sessions that we're doing are mainly meant for the enterprise. So my general rule of thumb is if you shouldn't be accessing a website like Facebook, we probably want to just block it on the Grok Bot computer.
[01:17:35] SPEAKER_03: Hi.
[01:17:35] Amrita: Hi.
[01:17:36] SPEAKER_03: Hi. Um, I wonder because the Grok Bot can use the computer use and you say it will, um, eliminate the or reduce the use of MCP or MCP required websites. Um, where should the uh, next move go like creating more MCPs for bots to use or not creating any MCPs?
[01:18:01] Amrita: That's a really good question. Um, I do think so I I I think personally that computer use is going to become a very very big part of the AI space generally. I mean, we've seen it with with other models outside of Grok. Um, and so I do think that going forward a big part of how your work is going to get done is via computer use. Do I think that MCPs are going to go away? Absolutely not. I mean, the way I describe MCPs usually is like their their APIs for agents, right? And so a lot of times when, you know, I use an MCP, it's faster than a computer use. Um, like if I want to, for example, just immediately create a Google doc, sometimes I'll opt to use the Google doc MCP as opposed to computer use because right now it's faster. But I don't know. I I I have a big feeling that computer use is going to get a lot faster, especially as the models get a lot better. So there could be a world where computer use becomes the main way of of agents interacting with tools than in MCPs. Um, I will say that for now MCPs are probably a lot easier to, um, to monitor and to add guard rails to, right? Like for now, you know, in cursor and SpaceX you can whitelist and blacklist particular MCPs. Um, so that's probably an advantage for MCPs for now, but I'm assuming we'll we'll start to see more guard rails being put for computer use in the future as well. It's a great question. If there are no questions, I would love if anyone wanted to chime in and tell or share how they're using Grok Bot. It could be for sales engineering, it could be for not sales engineering. Um, I think some of the best ways I learned about Grok Bot is just hearing from how other people use it. So if anyone wants to share anything or if anyone wants to chime in on things they think this demo could could help with, that'd be great. Yeah.
[01:19:44] Lauren: Uh, question from X. If Grok has its own server and access to internal systems, how do you guarantee that it won't make changes to production systems?
[01:19:52] Amrita: Won't make changes to production systems. Yeah, I think so I there's a very equivalent question that I've gotten, which is how do we know that bots don't, you know, download malicious software and do anything dangerous? I think the guard rails that we offer within Grok Bot enterprise are are kind of the solution for it right now. Um, we're still in the process of hardening those and make the making them as uh, you know, just I I want to say as top as possible so that people can still use computer use without feeling that anything dangerous might happen. Um, I will say that, you know, with AI there's there's so many different ways that something potentially harmful could happen. And we've had ways to mitigate that. Like skills has been a very common one, which is, you know, you add add rules or guard rails again making sure that no one deploys to production when they shouldn't. Um, something that I didn't show earlier that I'll actually show right now is if you go into your settings, um, auto review is basically a tool that we use at uh, at Grok Bot to make sure that, you know, things uh, are reviewed ahead of time before Grok Bot makes changes. If I actually turn this on, um, you'll see that I can make particular changes to Grok Bot as to how and when it can do things. And so what I'll actually say is when Grok Bot wants to deploy to production, when Grok Bot wants to use an internal system, instead of doing allow automatically, I should always do ask first. Um, and those are some ways that you can actually mitigate those harmful uh, you know, situations from Grok Bot. Cool. I think we're going to take some more questions from from remote folks. Um, so I'm happy to stay up here, but if anyone else from SpaceX wants to come and join me up here, that'd be great too. Yeah.
[01:21:27] Lauren: One more question from X. What do you do if there's no MCP server and the tool you want to use doesn't run on Linux?
[01:21:32] Amrita: Okay. Sorry, can you read that one time Baptiste?
[01:21:34] Lauren: Yeah. What do you do if there's no MCP server and the tool you want to use does not run on Linux?
[01:21:39] Amrita: Oh. Um, my honest answer is there's there's no there's no way right now, unfortunately. Um, I wish I had a better answer for that. Um, but the truth is our VMs are Linux and so you can only run tools that are Linux on these VMs. And if they don't have MCP servers, then you're, you know, you won't be able to connect them via a plugin. I would be curious maybe to figure out what that tool is. Um, and we can we can figure out from there. But that is that is the honest answer there.
[01:22:15] Lauren: Check two. I I'm seeing a lot of questions about token usage.
[01:22:19] Amrita: Um.
[01:22:20] Lauren: Can you elaborate?
[01:22:23] Amrita: Yes. Um, so tokens and Grok Bot are similar to tokens and any other AI tool. Um, you use tokens by talking to Grok Bot. Grok Bot uses tokens by talking to you. And then tokens are obviously being used when it uses its own computer. Um, the goal, I think, um, working at SpaceX is that we are training models that will be specifically good for tools like this to make it so that you get the most out of your tokens with Grok Bot. And so Grok 46 which came out I think a couple of weeks ago, um, was meant to be a model that and it is a model that is inexpensive, but also highly performant. So it's able to power all of these things. In fact, I believe the underlying model for Grok Bot is Grok 46. And so you will see how powerful it is and also how inexpensive it is. I think I was actually looking at my usage recently of like how much money it took for me to create some of these slides. Some days I think it took me to create all of this this entire slide deck. I think it took me between $20 to $30 for something that maybe would have taken me 4 5 hours to create from scratch. And now I can use it forever. Um, and so I do think that, you know, as the models get better, we're trying to optimize for getting the most out of the products via your tokens. Uh, but yeah, everything in Grok Bot is just consumption based. So it's just based on how you talk to Grok Bot, how Grok Bot uses the computer. Um, and you can customize that. For example, if you prefer a particular style of Grok Bot talking, if you think maybe it's too verbose, tell it that. And then that can also help your token usage as well.
[01:23:55] Lauren: So you can actually adjust, um, how much compute it does or how much it spins.
[01:24:01] Lauren: I don't think you can adjust its computer use. That I I think is out of your control. What I think you can adjust is how it talks to you. Um, so I I think I I
[01:24:10] Matt Palmer: Lauren is currently offline, which is kind of sick. So we're going to we're going to try we're going to try something new up. Basically what Lauren's going to do is explain to me how to build this. And I'm going to walk through what I was doing during the break. Um, and how I'm using kind of cloud agents. This will be good because Lauren can then tell me how to do how to do it better basically. Uh,
[01:24:26] Lauren: Yeah, I'm a backseat driver.
[01:24:28] Matt Palmer: A little bit of a backseat driver. So, um, if you want to, we can cut on over to my screen and I'll walk through kind of my setup and what we've been doing so far. Um, yeah, screen imminent, I'm sure.
[01:24:42] Lauren: Um, yeah, I think I think if you you have Doctor Eggbot installed, you have an engineer bot. Um, and we have the plan that we wrote earlier already committed to the the repo. So I'm thinking maybe to start I think it'd be interesting to use like potato mode out of P-stack to do some prototyping. Uh, just like really quick and loose prototypes that you know, we don't need a login screen, we don't need a even a database right now. We can just hardcode a bunch of things just to visually see how the game plays. And then we can kind of iterate from there. Um, once we get your screen up.
[01:25:24] Matt Palmer: Still working through some some AV issues. So what I've been working on kind of during the the break. Okay, sweet. We have my screen up. Uh, is I've been using kind of the way, uh, as is kind of Lauren's setup, right? So I have Doctor Eggbot that creates new bots for me. And I have my sort of founding engineer bot that's working on a landing page. So basically what I did was I said, um, you know, I think before we we cut out uh, Lauren had, uh, walked us through, um, kind of her, uh, plan. Which so we had our repo and we had uh, docs and plans. Lauren was talking about our MVP, right? So Lauren built this document with her agent's context. And one way to share information is just to point my agent at that context as well. So I said, hey, take a look at that document. That's going to be our game. Our first goal is to make a landing page. And so given that it's a monorepo, create a plan and propose like a nice lander stack with my project planning skill. So I take a look at my project planning skill. I basically say this is what I want for every new project I create. And if I'm owning the landing page, I want, um, basically, uh, an official I like to use scaffolds because like we got to move fast here. We're not writing our own stack. So usually something like T3 10 stack, um, if it's like a React Native app, maybe Expo next, really like or if it's just simple, it could be V, right? Um, and then I have a bunch of other like opinionated uh, UI guidelines and styling guidelines that I like to spin up in my new projects. Um, and then I also really like this make interfaces feel better skill. I find it's pretty good for like UI polish and some of the smaller details. So I said, hey, just like start read these things, reading these things. And also Lauren shared context and then make a plan with our end skills for, um, what a lander would look like.
[01:27:01] Lauren: Are those skills published anywhere by the way? Before we share them out.
[01:27:03] Matt Palmer: These are, um, project planning is my personal skill. And then make interfaces feel better is a design skill. Um, and it's going to be tough. I wish they I wish they had like the the author gave me credit, but someone on Twitter made this and it's really good. So um,
[01:27:13] Lauren: Yeah. Okay. Okay. I'd love to see if we can find it.
[01:28:32] Lauren: Uh, yeah, I would say use uh, so in in Grok Bot you can type slash potato mode so you can also do that. You like use slash potato mode. Okay, I see. Um, but yeah, you can uh, actually if you even if you just say use potato mode, your agent or bot should be smart enough to know what that means. Um, since it has access to the P-stack plugin, they can see like, oh, that's what you meant. Um.
[01:28:55] Matt Palmer: So yeah, and I have cursor configured. Obviously we're using Grok Bot, um, for most of the building. But Grok Bot is essentially a lightweight harness and cursor is a coding harness. And so it can be useful for Grok Bot to do, um, some of the the conversation, the back and the forth. And then use cursor to do the actual engineering and the coding. Um, and all these agents are running in the cloud. So similar to Grok Bot, actually none of this is happening on my desktop, which is kind of nice. Um, you can see my workspace is still getting set up here and some of the environment setup is still being done. Uh, but in the meantime basically we have our lander, uh, getting spun up. And then the other thing I was working on in Grok Bot was with my sort of creative director bot here. I was thinking about visuals, right? Like what is our game going to look like? So um, there's a really awesome tool out there called Dialkit, which allows you to customize UIs. And it's open source. It's really great for designers. And I was like, oh, well, like what if we started prototyping assets and then we used these sliders to be able to play around with like flat um, SVG tokens. And like I've never built a video game before. You
[01:30:00] Matt Palmer: heard Roshan and Lauren talking about video games. I'm like, I don't, I don't even really like I don't even know about game design. And I'm like a total, you know, total noob to video games. So, I'm like, hey, do research on how these things work. I've used Phaser before for some like cool visualization stuff. So, I'm like, okay, like start there. Like I know what that thing is. And from their Grok Bot's like backing into these these technologies. So, every research project I do, like every time I'm trying to build something, I'm like, okay, if I don't know about it, help me understand it. Um and Super Auto Pets, which might be misspelled here or like miscapitalized or whatever, is something that that Lauren recommended that we like we look at for inspiration for like light and kind of fun graphics. Um and so from that, I backed into through the same like engineering process an asset playground. And that's also um working cursor. Uh so we have our asset playground. Um and then we also have um the lander that should be running here as well. So, that's kind of where I'm at. Maybe Lauren, you can direct me on an uh uh how to start with Dr. Eggbot here to spin up another engineering bot that builds the infrastructure.
[01:31:02] Lauren: Yeah, I would I would ask Dr. Eggbot or even your chief of staff to talk to Dr. Eggbot if you want. It depends like who your main bot is and where all the context
[01:31:11] Matt Palmer: Okay.
[01:31:12] Lauren: is. So, for example, from my setup, I have my chief of staff Steve who has all the context about the project, like, you know, all our credentials, like what the game we're building is. And then Steve works with our other bots. Uh but you could tell basically I would say something like, you know, tell Dr. Eggbot to create an engineering bot for me. Uh this engineer will um what you say, like, use uh P stack and potato mode to uh spawn cloud agents to work on our game. Um and you can say that the job of the engineer bot is to the job of the engineer bot is to orchestrate these cloud agents and supervise them and check their work. Um for the first phase of what we're doing today, we're going to do some prototyping. That's not all the engineer bot will do, but we'll focus on, you know, quick lightweight prototypes just so we can um just so we can get a visual feel of how the game plays before we start building out the real, you know, like we don't need login yet when we don't even know if the game is fun. So, I want to iterate
[01:32:23] Matt Palmer: Yep. So, we really have the game.
[01:32:25] Lauren: really fast on the MVP of the game and have like the sliders we were talking about where we can tweak things like the visuals or even the game constants could be interesting. But yeah, that's the start of a bot that does that. And Dr. Eggbot, try not to make this engineer to prototype focus.
[01:32:46] Matt Palmer: Mm.
[01:32:47] Lauren: Uh make it durable enough that it can do prototyping, but also the serious engineering work we'll do later.
[01:32:55] Matt Palmer: Cool. Transcribing. Um you got to love it. Uh so we're riffing.
[01:32:59] Lauren: And yeah, my my my favorite pattern as well is like add to the end, like, restate this in your own words before you start working just so you can confirm it cuz it says a big blob of text.
[01:33:08] Matt Palmer: I feel like that's what, you know, if you are talking to somebody and you want to make sure that they understand what you said, you could say like, hey, you know, restate this in your own words. I was like, I mean, that would be kind of awkward to to tell someone.
[01:33:14] Lauren: Yeah. Well, you know, it's it's awkward, but it's like that's what active listening is, right?
[01:33:21] Matt Palmer: Yeah, that's true. That's true.
[01:33:24] Roshan: Um while you guys were doing that, I actually got the visual playground running locally. If you want to take a look at that, we can maybe see see if we want to play with some of these sliders.
[01:33:27] Matt Palmer: It's like It's like, yeah, sounds good. So, I'll juggle some of this stuff and we can maybe cut over to Roshan's laptop and see what what he's working with.
[01:33:37] Roshan: Yeah, can we switch to my screen, please, if we get the chance?
[01:33:41] Matt Palmer: Um I know this was something you just kind of put together pretty quickly, Matt. And I haven't used this before, but I look like we could maybe play with some of the the properties here. And I love I love these sliders. This is really fun. Um so we can maybe tweak some of the icons. Obviously, this is a really lightweight. And we probably want to think about how we evolve these icons a little bit, but we have some good sort of uh like initial cut of of the of the structure. Um I guess I mean, these are the bots, it looks like. And so maybe we have bots like this.
[01:34:07] Lauren: Oh interesting. You might zooming in. It's kind of hard to see.
[01:34:09] Matt Palmer: Oh yeah, let me zoom in. Yeah, totally. Um how's that?
[01:34:14] Lauren: Um you probably want them to look more like bots, right?
[01:34:18] Roshan: Yeah, that I think currently they they look too abstract.
[01:34:21] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:34:22] Roshan: But uh
[01:34:22] Matt Palmer: Although I kind of like it now. We should we should make them look
[01:34:24] Roshan: That's interesting actually. I didn't think about the color of having a meaning.
[01:34:27] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:34:28] Roshan: Um but that could be quite kind of cool.
[01:34:31] Matt Palmer: Yeah, do we think we should maybe we should prompt? Do you have a bot that was helping with the visual system? And I wonder if we should prompt that one too, maybe?
[01:34:37] Roshan: I would say my suggestion is let's just get the big the most basic prototype up first so that we can actually all contribute to the code base. Um I think it would be kind of complicated to build this part and the prototype at the same time. Um but I think it's a good start and another thing we might want to have this system do as well is uh tweak some of the in-game constants that we set. Like, you know, we we mentioned earlier that um there's this like rock paper scissor thing that goes between charisma, int, and dex.
[01:35:16] Matt Palmer: Mm.
[01:35:17] Roshan: And I wonder that if the bonus being 22% is something we can if we can tweak that on the fly and just replay a game and see how it goes. That lets us get into this really nice iteration loop right where we don't have to like, you know, wait for the agent to go out and do something. We can actually just tweak the values in real time
[01:35:24] Matt Palmer: Oh yeah. Right. Right.
[01:35:35] Roshan: and see the result live.
[01:35:37] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:35:37] Roshan: And that gives gives us really nice quick loop to make like we need to shorten the time to fun.
[01:35:43] Matt Palmer: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[01:35:44] Roshan: And I think like something like that. But
[01:35:45] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I like that. And that will also give us like some ability to test different mechanics maybe as well. So, we can like if we had a playground where we could tweak some things and see the impact on the game. So, things like tuning the game state and game behavior will be really important here too. So, yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool.
[01:35:58] Roshan: Yeah, how's your how's your bot doing?
[01:35:59] Matt Palmer: My bots are working. Just in progress. Uh uh
[01:36:03] Roshan: Do you want to open them up and we can just take a look and we can kind of uh introspect?
[01:36:04] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Cool. Um So yeah, I don't know. Are we What are we doing here? We're sticking on Roshan's screen. We're cutting over to my screen. Let's switch over to Matt's screen.
[01:36:21] Roshan: Oh I think we're going to
[01:36:23] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Do we cut over to Matt's screen? Show some show some bots. Awesome. There we go. Perfect. Okay, cool. So, I'm working on like some preview deploys here. Um so I think uh we're just going to do a quick um like preview uh which is what cursor is working on in the background. Um this we
[01:36:48] Roshan: Should we look at the prototype?
[01:36:50] Matt Palmer: The prototype. Uh so Dr. Eggbot's still kind of working on restating this in its own words here.
[01:36:55] Roshan: Oh yeah, we're having some
[01:36:58] Matt Palmer: Uh so hopefully we'll have an update there. Uh it's running a little still waking up this morning. Um the founding engineer is working on the this this preview deploy. And uh we should have that up shortly. And we also have our growth engineer uh who's working on a few other things. Maybe something a little fun that I worked on this morning, completely irrelevant and not related to building things, is I got all the bufo uh meme uh slack emojis in our in our slack. So, what I did was I actually had um uh a Grok Bot rip those off the the website and uh download a uh directory of PNGs. And then rather than uploading, you know, setting custom slack emojis myself, um I just asked uh I asked Grok Bot to find a way to use computer use uh to go and add all the bufo emojis. So, now we have a complete pack of like 12 1,200 uh bufo emojis in slack. So, while the rest of the team was doing work, I was kind of goofing off. And uh you know, this is uh this is the life of a of of a dev rel basically. Um so yeah, that's a few other things. We also have our knowledge based uh bot that started working on updating our notion um with our company doc. So, now we're working on our game design studio. We still have some objectives, but we're documenting the pivot. Uh and eventually like what our go-to-market strategy might be. Um it pulled the product plan with the core loop into notion. Um and so with our our kind of like knowledge worker bot here, uh we're managing some of those things as well. Yeah, so now we're just uh we're waiting on the bots to to get to work here. Seems like uh might be uh chugging along. So, some of the the things I'm thinking here to do are basically um I'm working on the landing page. And then up next is probably like AEO SEO stuff and maybe AB testing stuff. So, these are the the next things I'll direct my bot to work on. And then like whatever marketing looks like, which I think we can kind of figure out based on our uh like lean in uh to existing distribution. Um I'm leaning to think about like our ads infra as well. These are some old notes, I think. Um and yeah. Maybe we could cut off my screen momentarily.
[01:39:38] Lauren: Yeah, computer computer trouble is not fun.
[01:39:56] Matt Palmer: Sweet. Yeah, and I think we're just going to be cranking on building out that stuff for a little bit. So, um yeah, if you're if you're just joining in, we're working on our game studio and our first game. Uh we're just cranking along this uh this this morning.
[01:40:08] Lauren: Live build time.
[01:40:09] Roshan: Day two. Um I just had a bot do some updates to notion as well. So, I think we'll take that that uh knowledge base going. Uh put in the diagram that we drew earlier today so we have that as a reference for any future bots that need to learn about the business. That'll hopefully help a little bit.
[01:40:23] Matt Palmer: Cool.
[01:40:24] Roshan: Um I guess while we're waiting for our bots to to work, I wonder if I can go on a bit of a tangent and talk about some let's let's hear engineering things.
[01:40:35] Matt Palmer: Awesome. Yeah.
[01:40:39] Roshan: Um should I do my talk?
[01:40:42] Matt Palmer: Um yeah, I mean, we can just we can just work or you can do the talk. It's up to you. We don't have to be talking all the time. We we got to get some stuff done too.
[01:40:48] Roshan: Yeah.
[01:41:27] Matt Palmer: All right, guys. I think we're having some technical difficulties. We're going to be right back with you in a bit. Welcome back, everyone. You're watching us spend 72 hours building a game studio and a game for the game studio. That's what we're doing.
[01:48:22] Lauren: Um so we had some computer issues, but I think we resolved it. And um if we can bring my screen up, I can uh I can drive the the prototype. So, let's actually build it.
[01:48:31] Roshan: Let's do it. Okay, so I'm going to be using cursor. Um and again, if you're not familiar uh with Grok Bot and cursor, so cursor is like more of the coding tool and Grok Bot's for general uh bots, I guess, for doing knowledge work and things like that. They work really well together. Uh but now I want to kind of iterate really like on the engineering works. So, I'm going to switch to cursor for a for a minute. Um and I've kicked off um a local agent. And so far, I have to start over a little bit because this agent doesn't have all the context that the bot has. Uh but um so what we do have is the docs that we've committed to the repo. Um and um I've got it to restate in its own words what the game is so I can just double check that it understands the game. So, I'm going to just read through and see if it makes sense. Uh so we got a short competitive loop. Okay, so the player logs in, imports imports a bot.
[01:49:39] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:49:40] Roshan: Uh we get a three-player roster. The lineup is hidden for your opponent. Match another count. Okay.
[01:49:47] Matt Palmer: Good it caught the ELO part, which is really important.
[01:49:50] Roshan: Yeah, the ELO part is interesting cuz um I have never designed uh matchmaking system, but I've played games like Marvel Rivals that have some papers out there. So, I'll just like maybe just use that as a reference. Uh I'm sure we'll we'll iterate over that, but um we're just going to we're just going to keep it simple for now. Uh but the ELO rating is essentially kind of like a a score, like almost like a chess rating where you kind of the more games you win, uh your score goes up. But there's like a factor as well like depending who you get matched against. Uh the score might rise little by a smaller amount or a bigger amount and so on and so forth. Um just to keep it interesting for the matchmaking. Um and then there's a bunch of sign-in stuff that I want to skip for the prototype. So, I'm going to say I'm going to tell it like uh some notes here. Um let's just say for the prototype I'm going to use this figure. Let's skip um sign-in for now. Just focus on the game loop. So, we can iterate on that quickly. Um and then uh use potato mode prototyping. Um I want to have a few different prototypes to choose from. Um and then let's keep everything local for now. No DB required. And I also want to say um include some debug panels where I have sliders and input boxes to tweak game variables and constants for a quick iteration loop.
[01:52:00] Matt Palmer: You have a prototyping section of potato mode, right? That's when you say use potato mode prototyping. That's like how the agent knows what to do there. Okay. Cool, cool, cool.
[01:52:04] Roshan: Mm. Yeah. And so the idea of prototyping for me is that uh the like I want to the thing that's important for me right now is like oh or at least when I think about games, right? The the point of a game is that it's fun.
[01:52:20] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:52:21] Roshan: And all of the other stuff is not even important if the game isn't fun. So, I want to just really cut it down to just the core loop. Um and actually that reminds me that we're going to need some bots from uh seed some bots from uh X AI bot marketplace as our default setup bots. Um and I think yeah, let's just go with that. Uh but while while that's working yeah, the point of prototyping for me is to quickly get to the fun part. And I asked it to build those sliders because I want to be able to tweak things uh in real time.
[01:53:08] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[01:53:08] Roshan: And just like replay the games so that we can just quickly see if like is this actually fun. And if it's not, we can think about how to make it fun.
[01:53:16] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I like that strategy. I feel like it sort of gives us the ability to not just build a prototype, but like let us tweak the prototype without having to like prompt a bunch back and forth all at once and sort of like give us the give us the little playground that we can use to actually tweak our MVP live. I feel that let us iterate a lot quicker, which is great.
[01:53:31] Roshan: Yeah. Uh something cool I guess I can talk about as well is just like how potato mode works. If you've never used it before uh so potato mode is um how do I explain it? It's kind of like a a router skill. So, the skill itself um has not really many very specific instructions except that for different scenarios, use these skills and these principles. So, in P stack, we have these things called principles which uh describe some principle for it. So, for example experience first uh is like this really short skill that talks about you know, um choosing delight when you're implementing things. Like, instead of implementation convenience, choose user delight. Every feature needs to be justified, you know, ship less but ship better and prototyping, right? So, design decisions are cheaper in throwaway HTML than production code. So, I feel like that's really important. Again, so we can kind of iterate quickly. Um and it looks like our agent is going to iterate on just a in-memory simple in-memory object with some seated bots through sort lineup. And okay, now it's going to uh oh yeah, here uh this is something that potato mode also does is that it um it has uh a architecture skill that's called architect. And this skill will use different models to come up with different plans. So, as you can see, we have four different models here fable, Saul, Grok, and composer. Uh and we're essentially going to like erase them and see who can come up with the better architecture. And we'll pick the best one and merge in any other interesting ideas from the other one. Uh and uh hopefully these are quick enough. Uh but uh we're we're going to wait for the other candidates to finish before judging. But um I don't know if we really need this for the prototype, but I'll I'll let it run anyway. Uh but this is pretty helpful in general because um different models excel at different types of tasks. And when it comes to things like architecture sometimes you want to think about um like you may have a different constraints or different criteria that you may not have thought about. So, having different models kind of swarm on them and think about them can be pretty helpful. Um but I'm going to actually say let's skip the architect.
[01:56:14] Matt Palmer: And while you're typing there, for those who are joining uh or are just hopping into the stream we are in the middle of our three-day sprint here to ship and launch a real product. We're working on a game studio with our first game being built live. Uh and you're watching Lauren uh demonstrate how to use potato mode, which is a plugin that's available for Grok Bot and cursor uh to help drive your own software development projects. And so Saul stuff you can go and use on your own. Uh and yeah, we're just we're just cooking and building a really quick prototype as soon as we can so we get a feel for uh how that how that works and feels and then hopefully be able to iterate from there.
[01:56:52] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah, and I'm just telling my agent to uh skip the architect skill since that's going to be a little bit slower. Uh and we're just prototyping anyway, so I don't actually care about the architecture at this point. Uh I'm telling it to use Grok for the first prototype. And then uh we're going to run it locally so we can actually play it. Uh and if you're not familiar with cursor, cursor has a inbuilt browser which is really nice. Oh I have a favorite in here Subway Surfers. Uh I won't play that up.
[01:57:33] Matt Palmer: Speaking of games.
[01:57:34] Roshan: Yeah. Um sometimes when you're just waiting for a game like what do you do, right? Like you go scroll X or you play a little game. And I just so happen to have Subway Surfers in there. Uh but let's see how fast it can go. We can also just oh there you go, Grok's completed. Um it came up with oh it came back with a design. We can take a look at the design and see what it what it came up with. Uh so the throwaway prototype is going to be just vanilla HTML CSS and JavaScript. Makes sense to me. Keep it simple. Um everything's going to be kept in memory. Uh we'll have three different UI variants that we can we can try out and toggle between them which is nice as well. Uh it's going to fetch the list of bots from the marketplace as our mock seed data. Um and then we have some uh this one's not very interesting cuz it's just vanilla. Um but it it makes sense to me. Like it's it's like kind of data driven. So, let's see. Oh it's come up with some uh data shapes as well. Uh so that's something that we talk about in the uh potato mode skills is thinking a lot about data structures because that determines pretty much everything. Uh so it's got a bunch of types uh setup here. All makes sense to me. Oh it's even come up with state transitions as well.
[01:59:29] Matt Palmer: That's cool.
[01:59:30] Roshan: Almost like a uh what do you call it? A state machine. And my brain brain brain farted for a moment. Um but yeah, I I can't wait to see what it builds. Oh this design's pretty comprehensive actually. It's very long. Uh it's also got um alternatives to consider. Let's see. Uh
[02:00:00] Lauren: API independent page for the types each with a copied student combat. Live competing result with no snapshot. Well, these are just like implementation details. I I don't I don't care about this right now. Uh
[02:00:22] Matt Palmer: Maybe I'm curious Lauren like when you're typically working with these bots, um when are when are you sort of actually inspecting the output versus sort of letting the bots cook? Like how do you think about sort of you know interacting versus delegating?
[02:00:35] Lauren: Um that's actually a really interesting question because for more mature code bases, I feel like so like when I work on Grok Bot itself, for example, um a lot of my time has is now spent on sort of Grok Bot architecture and I'm not really I'm not really observing or micromanaging the agents as much because a lot of uh development has already gone into creating an agent friendly architecture for those bots. But for a new project like this, I actually want to be kind of in the loop so I can observe right like what are the mistakes that my agents keep making and uh looks like it already has that here.
[02:01:21] Matt Palmer: It sounds like because we're in the more zero to one early life cycle of the project, it's a little more important for us to be in the weeds kind of like reading the output, making sure the agents don't go off in the wrong direction and kind of bail later. Yeah.
[02:01:30] Lauren: Yeah. Exactly. Uh okay, so how does this work?
[02:01:38] Matt Palmer: Got a pool of bots, some lanes.
[02:01:40] Lauren: Okay. Oh, I see. I I guess this is just like it's come out with some random. Oh yeah, okay, that makes sense. Uh so yeah, this UI is extremely bad right now, but it's good enough for me to actually just like think about the how the games actually going to work. We have some seed bots here uh and actually let me take this bigger so you can all see it. Uh so I'm going to of course pick Doctor Egg Bot and we we talked about how the other two bots are randomly chosen.
[02:02:09] Matt Palmer: Mhm.
[02:02:11] Lauren: It looks like we have three common bots. Uh so we didn't get very lucky.
[02:02:15] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:02:16] Lauren: Um and then we'll obviously come up with like proper visuals for this uh but the like right now you can reorder. Do do you guys have opinions on who should go first? How should we order our team? Um
[02:02:31] Matt Palmer: I like outbound prospecting first, the salesperson and me.
[02:02:34] Lauren: Well, also outbound prospecting has 72 charisma.
[02:02:36] Matt Palmer: Okay.
[02:02:37] Lauren: Uh but but just but the but the uh but it only has but the skill, the ability is hustle and it's dexterity based.
[02:02:47] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:02:48] Lauren: Doctor Egg Bot has Rizz.
[02:02:52] Matt Palmer: Unreal.
[02:02:52] Lauren: I'm actually noticing a bug here where the numbers are are more don't add up to 100. So let's actually fix that.
[02:02:57] Matt Palmer: Oh yeah, that's a problem.
[02:03:05] Lauren: Um so the stat, the total stat should add to 100 for common bots.
[02:03:15] Matt Palmer: The cool thing about this process too is like we're building a lot of scaffolding and then eventually this is sort of scaffolding the agent can drive. So if we kind of give the agent like you know some sort of playground, it can also verify its own output in. Maybe it probably won't look just like this I think, but I think we're sort of like starting to build a lot of foundation here, which is really cool.
[02:03:30] Lauren: And actually let me open this in the
[02:03:33] Matt Palmer: Oh great, yeah.
[02:03:33] Lauren: Uh oh it already did. Um how do I hide that? I need to get more real estate here. Uh while we're waiting for the bot to make the changes, um it looks like it gave us a pretty good debug panel as well so we can just like tune the advantage. The slider is so wonky like that. Oh wait, is it like
[02:04:19] Matt Palmer: It reminds me of that website where you have you like people show examples of the worst possible UI and so that doesn't work.
[02:04:23] Lauren: Yeah, let me let me fix that. That's like a very weird slider. But I mean it's got the it's got the numbers right. So common cap, it's got it's got it all set.
[02:04:30] Matt Palmer: Yep.
[02:04:33] Lauren: Uh the bug right now is that uh okay, just reloaded. Okay, now now it adds up to 100.
[02:04:38] Matt Palmer: Nice, okay.
[02:04:41] Lauren: Um so so that looks correct. Um do shall we get the oh actually let's show a design mode. Um let me so in cursor very very very cool feature is if you open your app in the cursor browser and you click on design mode, you can actually click on the elements directly and tell your bot so the bot knows exactly what you're talking about. And I can tell it here there's uh this input is weird and doesn't slide correctly. Please fix. Uh and it it lets you stay in the flow right because you can just quickly like okay, that that is a bug so I need to like quickly add uh you know
[02:05:20] Lauren: All right. And now everybody puts that in their main roster. That could be kind of not so great right cuz like everybody would have a legendary bot now.
[02:05:23] Matt Palmer: Mhm.
[02:05:24] Lauren: uh get that in there. Um I don't know like maybe I think I think that's good for now. I actually want to play the game. So we have okay, let's let's go with Doctor Egg Bot. Um let's just go with the default and just fight and see what happens. So in this first prototype um so the I guess the way how games work, I've never really built any games, but the way I imagine that they're coded is that you have obviously the graphics right and then you have your main game logic and they don't necessarily have to be um I say like blocking each other if that makes sense. Um the um in this case what I'm imagining for a game is the game could actually resolve instantly once the matchmaking is done, but we just show an animation and we play like when you replay a session, it shows like
[02:06:20] Matt Palmer: Right. Yeah.
[02:06:25] Lauren: later on we can add graphics like you know Doctor Egg Bot used Rizz right and and has a cool animation.
[02:06:26] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. I like that cuz I like the sort of the point of the initial game is that sort of once you set the lineup, the the action resolves automatically right and so we don't sort of need to like wait for resolution. So we like know the result as soon as the mat as soon as the matchmaking step is done. So I think if that's the case, then really just a matter of like figuring out how we want to add some you know some fun to that with animations or other things. Yeah.
[02:06:49] Lauren: Yeah. Um
[02:06:53] Matt Palmer: That's actually kind of nice. It'll give us the option to sort of build that over time and evolve it over time if we want. So
[02:06:58] Lauren: Right. How do I make a new game? New deal. Here we go. Cool. Looks like every time you're hitting that, it's randomizing our team a little bit, which is nice.
[02:07:14] Matt Palmer: Uh yeah, but is it randomizing the opponent? I guess not. Oh oh, there's different oh okay, never mind. I forgot it gave us uh different
[02:07:22] Lauren: Boredom.
[02:07:25] Matt Palmer: different yep UIs to choose from too. Let's just do it. Okay. Uh what do you think so far? Like do the do the mechanics make sense I guess?
[02:07:44] Lauren: Yeah. Do we do we think it's getting it right? So I guess for the first like let's look at that first one with critique and research. Like charisma. With the bonus that looks like the bonus logic is there. It looks like we have the base stats there. Um yeah, we can simulate a bunch of games, which is nice. That's actually really helpful to be able to simulate that advantage slider.
[02:08:06] Matt Palmer: I need changing. Um yeah, it's actually interesting because uh if we go back to I don't know just like um we can actually see the bonus taking in. This actually turned the the the game around where
[02:08:21] Lauren: Mhm. Mhm.
[02:08:25] Matt Palmer: round one Doctor Egg Bot actually lost with 22%
[02:08:29] Lauren: Right.
[02:08:29] Matt Palmer: advantage since it was like text versus int and so projects managers int went up to 18.3 because of the advantage and so it won. So I feel like the base logic kind of makes sense to me.
[02:08:49] Lauren: Yeah, I think so too. I think we have the like core logic loop here. It would be cool to figure out like how do we start to translate this into like something that is a bit more like of an actual prototype that we could play. So maybe that would be the next thing or or what do you think with there is more structure?
[02:08:57] Matt Palmer: Mhm. Yeah. Uh so yeah, I kind of wondering if we can do a workflow like you know use image generation Mhm. to come up with mock game screens for a game. Um I guess like I keep going back to Super Auto Pets cuz I think it's like a really good reference.
[02:09:20] Lauren: Yep. Uh click the A visual reference. Uh but look oops but look up Grok Bot on the web or images uh for I guess a visual reference on how bots look like. Uh and I want to essentially have a few images we can use for just starting to brainstorm okay, how is this game actually going to look? Cuz the the core logic makes sense, but obviously we don't want to just play a game with like that looks like this Kanban board. Uh so let's get it to create some images first so we can start thinking about how it'll actually look.
[02:10:10] Matt Palmer: So Cool.
[02:10:13] Lauren: And I'm curious if both of you have thought about how like like a visual style.
[02:10:19] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I was actually working on that a little bit in the background and I have something it's very vibe coded and it's just like a little dots on a screen, but I started to like the way it was evolving a little bit and I mean Matt you've also been you've also been thinking about visual styles a bit. Um but yeah, I don't know if we wanted I think it's worth trying to generate something now that we have the scaffolding and then maybe we can apply some visual layers on top and kind of like apply them and polish to it.
[02:10:43] Lauren: Yeah.
[02:10:44] Matt Palmer: Um cool. Maybe
[02:10:46] Lauren: What are what are the mockups that you you you I'd be curious to look at them.
[02:10:50] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Um well, I have uh a really lightweight one. We can share my screen for a second.
[02:10:52] Lauren: Let me let me share we can share my screen for a for a minute.
[02:10:58] Matt Palmer: This is a very vibe coded um but I sort of uh was working with a bot in the background as well trying to see if I could prototype something just to get a feel for how the core game loop might feel and just think about the product experience. Um and so in this case the bot sort of made a binder of possible bots.
[02:11:12] Lauren: Can you submit?
[02:11:13] Matt Palmer: Oh yeah. Uh and you can kind of see like in this case it rolled a few that are you know legendary, common, etc. Um and it gave us some pro some screens for how this could look and I don't know sometimes I find it helpful maybe just like we can get some inspiration from a few other ideas, but you know we can um unlock our bot order and kind of slide them around, which I think is kind of cool. And we could probably make this drag and drop. You know right now it's not really a drag and drop and so should probably think about how we do that. Um but you know we can choose different like if we have a team maybe we could have a team more than three, but I think we said we're going to start with three first. We kind of start with that and we can like lock in our order. And then I kind of like this visual as well, kind of like seeing how the different bots would line up against each other. Uh it's a little like you know we could show some information about the rules and maybe the conditions. Um again this is sort of a really just a vibe coded prototype, but you know this could be a cool way to kind of show the lineup and kind of what happens in the lineup. So
[02:12:11] Lauren: I like this. I think this looks looks good. Um
[02:12:13] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Um and what's cool about these is you know each one of these can have its own replay ID so these kind of static assets that could be then shared later on. Um and you kind of see the result as the next slide or like kind of here's sort of who who versus who and then um how the ELO is ELO score is calculated and then kind of getting a replay ID or something. This is all obviously fake. Um yeah, and then being able to maybe like go into your binder of cards and kind of see see uh who you've drafted so far. So yeah, I don't know. I feel like there's something here. Uh this might be maybe some useful inspiration.
[02:12:45] Lauren: Nice. Um so actually I think while we're building this, we have uh an interesting story to cut out to. One of my favorite local coffee shops actually is a big Grok Bot user. And so uh yeah, good friend of mine Marcel. I bumped into him in the coffee shop one day and he was using Grok Bot. We ran a little story on him. So I think when we get a chance, we're going to cut over to um the story of Icon Coffee in San Francisco in Presidio Hill and how they're using Grok Bot to get more done. Love it. My name is Marcel. I'm from Icon Coffee. I'm one of the owners here. Uh I run the coffee program. This is kind of serendipitous right? I live in the neighborhood. I've been coming here for a few years and I bumped into you in the coffee shop the other week and I saw you were using Grok Bot. Yeah, I think it was that same week my son started school. All these emails come from the school and here's Grok Bot right and I'm like you do it. I gave it access to the parent portal and all the messages come through and the bot just kind of organizes for me. I like to say like removing the noise and just kind of focusing on the signal right. So after I thinned it out using my personal life, I was like okay, let's see what you could do at work. You know Icon is more than just a coffee shop. We also have a roastery. We we source, we roast and you know there's just a lot of moving parts. So his name's always been Rex. I'm always like hey Rex or you know we're always just hanging out and just talking in the car. And so Rex has always been kind of like my cheapest staff per se for here at the company. We gave it API access to our POS system. We're able to get reports, metrics. I can be on my phone. I can be on my computer and be like how do we do two years ago? Like what kind of growth are we seeing? Or when we were optimizing our our menu for the cafe, I took a picture of the menu uploaded to Grok Bot. These things right here we've only sold X amount in the last X amount of months right? I'm like okay, that doesn't make sense. Let's get it out. My son's about to be 10. That time is so precious. An extra hour, two hours in my day where I could just like oh I don't have to do that anymore. Right? This repetitive task is now you know home bots got my Grok Bot got it right? So it's just it's lovely. Definitely feels like living in the future you know.
[02:15:05] Matt Palmer: I think we're getting there one step at a time.
[02:15:06] Lauren: For sure brother. So yeah, I mean I think it's super cool to see how Marcel's using got not only in his personal life, but also in his business. Um
[02:15:17] Matt Palmer: What is what is your favorite thing to get from Icon Coffee?
[02:15:19] Lauren: Favorite thing? I'm a huge cappuccino guy.
[02:15:21] Matt Palmer: Okay okay.
[02:15:22] Lauren: Very good, very good espresso, very good uh milk based beverages. So huge fan.
[02:15:25] Matt Palmer: Nice. Okay. Consider the recommendation. Awesome. Um cool. Well, I think when we left off, we are making progress on our game studio and game uh as our business that we're building over 72 hours here. Uh we have done some prototyping, which is really great. We kind of built a little bit of a debug uh tool so we can kind of see the impact of some of the various game mechanics on the actual game we're building. And then think when we left off right before uh teach showing Icon Coffee, we were generating some images for uh how we might think about some of the art style uh and maybe being able to tweak that later on. So um maybe Lauren, what what do we have? Yeah, let's get our screen back on.
[02:16:03] Lauren: Uh I have some I don't know if I like these mocks yet, but like it's something. Um I feel like right now it's very text heavy,
[02:16:13] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:16:13] Lauren: but we can kind of tweak it.
[02:16:14] Matt Palmer: I love how colorful it is.
[02:16:16] Lauren: Yeah, the colors are nice. Although um yeah, I think it's like a bit overwhelming at the moment.
[02:16:21] Matt Palmer: Yeah yeah.
[02:16:21] Lauren: But we can tweak it.
[02:16:23] Matt Palmer: This is cool.
[02:16:24] Lauren: Um I actually really like this this one. Maybe the maybe the font size needs to be adjusted, but like you know how I don't if you've ever played like gacha games. Probably not Matt. Gacha games so okay, the gacha game is like this concept where you it's usually a mobile game and the game is about like getting characters and then they have like different uh you know when you pull a character it has like a different variety and um they have like a cool animation that shows up. Maybe we could do something like that that looks kind of interesting. Um I kind of like I feel like I like this this design is like really cute. You see like our little Grok Bot has a little ribbon.
[02:17:01] Matt Palmer: I I really like that yeah. Uh
[02:17:08] Lauren: Um and again very text heavy, but
[02:17:12] Matt Palmer: Yeah. I feel like we could work with that. We can tweak it.
[02:17:15] Lauren: I like the idea of actually almost like having your team all be one color as well. That might be a cool way to like make that make that look interesting. So um
[02:17:24] Matt Palmer: Um there's also this really cool. This is like one of my favorite things. Uh there's this someone made this CSS library that applies this cool visual effect to them. And I was wondering if like maybe that could be cool to add to our bots as well.
[02:17:33] Lauren: Oh that's cool. Especially for the layers.
[02:17:41] Matt Palmer: So I've got it going off and building the let's build that visual prototype now now that we have this seems to work.
[02:17:49] Lauren: Yeah. We can always skin we can always like change the you know the design later on too right? But I feel like if we can get sort of the container sorted, then we can go in and tweak that. Yeah yeah.
[02:17:53] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Um so I guess our next step is we're going to start actually building out the the prototype. Looks like we're also just making a quick a couple of quick tweaks here as well to the the prototype.
[02:18:09] Lauren: Uh yeah, I'm just I'm telling it to oh I I told it to apply the Pokémon CSS. So we'll wait for that to happen.
[02:18:23] Matt Palmer: Cool.
[02:18:24] Lauren: And then um I'm also asking it to start implementing like start working on the visual changes uh to that you generated from images and
[02:18:40] Matt Palmer: I can start to see I started to see some Chinese over there. So I think we're getting we're getting set up.
[02:18:44] Lauren: Oh wow. That is that is very shiny.
[02:18:48] Matt Palmer: That's we might we might need to we might need to make oh my god.
[02:18:50] Lauren: That might be a bit It's like kind of way too shiny, but um we can we can play with that. Also it's like it's yeah. Like why are they all rainbows?
[02:19:01] Matt Palmer: Yeah. I don't know if the agent fully understood the assignment on that one, but we can we can we can judge it.
[02:19:07] Lauren: Oh I mean I did tell it to do that. I kind of steered it badly I think cuz I told it I I got kind of nerd sniped like ooh it'd be kind of cool to add this CSS. So what I want what I wanted to do was like apply that to the visual prototype we built. So now I'm telling it okay, actually go off and
[02:19:21] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:19:24] Lauren: uh you know do the visual changes. Um
[02:19:30] Matt Palmer: Cool.
[02:19:33] Lauren: So I actually like reading the thinking blocks. I don't know if you ever do this, but um it's collapsed. I think there's a setting you can do in cursor to show them. Um I like to have have them hidden by default, but sometimes I'll just click on them uh because I'm very I'm always curious to see like how the agents are thinking about things and uh fun fact is like I a lot of the skills I made were inspired by just like looking through these thinking blocks and like just noticing like wait, why are you how did you determine that when you you never actually look at the code? You know so um
[02:20:02] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. And I think I've also seen you you shared this advice which I've used a ton, which is like anytime you see the agent think incorrectly, that's probably a good opportunity or chance for you to like build a skill to fix it right versus just like for you know I I have this tendency when I'm prompting to you know just say like actually no, do the next thing, do the next thing, do the next thing and kind of get to a result instead of taking the chance to like take a step back and say well, wait a minute like consider what you did wrong, turn this into a skill or update an existing skill that like helps me avoid the whole thing to begin with right? And I think I found that balance a really like interesting one to strike.
[02:20:45] Lauren: Yeah.
[02:20:45] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:20:48] Lauren: Oh you see even applied the I don't know if you can see this, but it applied the shimmer to the uncommon cards. So maybe a bit too much. We'll we'll we'll tune it down.
[02:20:52] Matt Palmer: Wow. Yeah yeah yeah.
[02:21:02] Lauren: Uh but okay, let me let me try and and while while it's building that, let me just
[02:21:05] Matt Palmer: We have now we have
[02:21:05] Lauren: Yeah, yeah. See if we can run an run an example.
[02:21:08] Matt Palmer: Uh let me just fight again. So it uh I'm wondering about balancing because like like if the bots have parities and the bots are so one thing we we did talk about is that once a bot has been generated into our game, the stats are permanent. Right? And so even if somebody else shares that uses that same bot, you get the same bot. Right?
[02:21:32] Lauren: Right. You get the same bot. Yeah. And I'm just wondering like uh how we balance that because obviously you would always want the strongest bot in your team.
[02:21:46] Matt Palmer: Mhm.
[02:21:46] Lauren: And so you would try to like maybe someone shares it in chat like here's my legendary bot Egg Bot.
[02:21:52] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:22:00] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah, that's true. I wonder if we should separate the rarity from the actual bot. You know like you you still got the same base stats, but then whether or not you know the the the rarity part of it is just a randomness thing. So for example, you could have a Doctor Egg Bot, then I could have a Doctor Egg Bot that I happen to roll legendary on. And that could be kind of interesting right cuz then you have like multiple versions of the bot where um the core stats well I guess the core stats would then be different right cuz uh yeah mhm.
[02:22:28] Lauren: Yeah. I think we'll just uh live with that for now and let's see.
[02:22:31] Matt Palmer: Yeah, maybe yeah right. Oh they might be might create an interesting game meta where people try to find the best bots and then
[02:22:38] Lauren: Yeah.
[02:22:39] Matt Palmer: you know like try and get the legendaries and that could be kind of
[02:22:41] Lauren: And there's like this like almost meta game of how do you find
[02:22:43] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Right. How do you find the best bots? Yeah yeah. That could be interesting. Yeah.
[02:22:45] Lauren: All right. I mean it'd be really cool if people were like creating new bot templates.
[02:22:50] Matt Palmer: Right.
[02:22:51] Lauren: Um and uh
[02:22:52] Matt Palmer: Well, that's the hope right? Is that people like create a bunch of bot templates and in in the hopes of finding some of the best some of the best characters. Yeah.
[02:22:58] Lauren: Mhm. Um yeah, but we can always tweak that later on too right? I feel like that's something that would work for everybody one no problem. So
[02:23:02] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:23:08] Lauren: um yeah, I I guess that's yeah that's the the thing I would imagine is like I would always want a legendary bot.
[02:23:15] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:23:15] Lauren: Okay, here here we go. We have some uh more visual game now.
[02:23:17] Matt Palmer: Oh that's a real big visual man.
[02:23:19] Lauren: Okay. All right. Now we got something. Look at that.
[02:23:20] Matt Palmer: We can make that full screen so we can see the browser window full screen.
[02:23:24] Lauren: Good good call. Um okay, that looks definitely more interesting than before. Um obviously this part I don't really like the layout.
[02:23:35] Matt Palmer: I think we didn't need to put that in a separate screen right? So it's like you have your team and then we we can get that implemented.
[02:23:36] Lauren: Yeah, exactly. I feel like this is fine for everybody one.
[02:23:42] Matt Palmer: Right.
[02:23:42] Lauren: Um also I need to tell it to um so the shimmers are too severe. It looks uh like a rainbow. And I wonder if that's because
[02:23:59] Matt Palmer: Oh my gosh.
[02:24:00] Lauren: Yeah, this is like way too severe.
[02:24:01] Matt Palmer: I mean I kind of I kind of like wacky though you know. They like this might maybe this is like party vibes.
[02:24:04] Lauren: I wonder if it just looks like that because uh the card is very small maybe and so the gradient is not scaled.
[02:24:12] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I think that sounds right. Yeah. Like you need to scale up. Maybe the the gradient on the rainbow needs to scale up.
[02:24:14] Lauren: Yeah, the gradient needs to scale to the size of the card. And then I actually want to use design mode as well to like just tell it I'm talking up and cut and paste it there. Um yeah, so that.
[02:24:36] Matt Palmer: For those who aren't familiar uh Lauren was talking about this a minute ago, but design mode is a really cool feature in cursor where you can as you're seeing on the screen here interact with the actual elements on the page. Uh you don't have to pick a pre-existing div. You can actually draw a box or draw a circle uh with the cursor around whatever you'd like like that. Um
[02:24:54] Lauren: How do I do this? Yeah, there you go. Uh uh and what's really cool about this is you can actually like
[02:24:57] Matt Palmer: Sorry, I was trying to draw oh I can do this.
[02:25:00] Lauren: Yeah, there you go.
[02:25:01] Matt Palmer: That's what I was trying to do. Draw an area, screen area and actually prompt the agent to do something with that space, which is really cool.
[02:25:06] Lauren: Uh and then I want to say um can we move this these lanes into their own page? Uh and so what else do we want to tweak?
[02:25:30] Matt Palmer: I kind of think we only need three well we can do this later, but I feel like we really want to nail the start with your bot and only get three bots on your team versus having this whole pool.
[02:25:38] Lauren: Exactly. But that might I mean I think right now this UI is very like debug.
[02:25:44] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Right. Right. So yeah, for the debug purposes, I think this works. We just want to make sure that the lanes and the the lane result is really good.
[02:25:53] Lauren: That's that's actually trying to play this now. Um who should go first?
[02:26:00] Matt Palmer: Can you zoom in a bit?
[02:26:01] Lauren: Awesome. Oh. Cool. Well, this one's actually really strong because it's got 77 charisma and the skill uses charisma.
[02:26:17] Matt Palmer: Yep. I look at that stats oh the stats should not add up to 100 because it's legendary.
[02:26:18] Lauren: So it's like that's Oh you know what I I now that I'm thinking it be I wonder if there's like a tweak we could make where I don't know if this would extend the game too long. So right now there's only a max of three rounds,
[02:26:32] Matt Palmer: Mhm.
[02:26:32] Lauren: but maybe the ordering would matter more if your bot had like health points or something and so it could actually survive around and go on to the next round.
[02:26:44] Matt Palmer: Mhm. I think
[02:26:46] Lauren: Do you think that would be
[02:26:48] Matt Palmer: I think it could work, but I should we try just doing a one round battle first and maybe starting with that? Like just this is it and you replay this and that's it.
[02:26:57] Lauren: Mhm. What do you mean?
[02:26:59] Matt Palmer: So when you said three rounds, what were you thinking about there?
[02:27:02] Lauren: Okay, now now now I put it into the new screen. Uh okay, so let's try this again. We got Doctor Egg Bot uh common and engineer common. We'll just we'll just go with the default and hit fight.
[02:27:17] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:27:18] Lauren: And we can see that um where's the result? Oh here.
[02:27:23] Matt Palmer: There we go. We should yeah. Um well, I won.
[02:27:26] Lauren: Mhm. But yes, this is cool. So the ability bonuses are in, which is causing that 22% bonus.
[02:27:37] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Doctor Egg Bot did not win the first round. I'm sorry Lauren. RIP Doctor Egg Bot.
[02:27:42] Lauren: Uh but yeah, so in my mind this is the this is like actually the MVP and that's the result and you're done. Were you thinking that we had a few more rounds to it?
[02:27:51] Matt Palmer: Um yeah, you know what? I'm actually well, I'm so what I'm trying to do sorry, I'm trying to tweak the gameplay so it's fun.
[02:27:57] Lauren: Yeah.
[02:27:57] Matt Palmer: Um I think right now I'm actually not sure why I care about the order.
[02:28:03] Lauren: Mhm.
[02:28:03] Matt Palmer: It just seems random. Like there's no
[02:28:04] Lauren: Mhm.
[02:28:06] Matt Palmer: strategy really outside of just the order of the of the skill. You know what I mean? And so if you if you if you just happen to have a crappy card, a crappy bot uh or a bot that's not very you know didn't roll very good stats, then it's like you almost never want to play that bot.
[02:28:24] Lauren: Yeah.
[02:28:24] Matt Palmer: So there's no strategy of thinking about like oh maybe that actually this bot could be fodder or something. You know what I mean?
[02:28:30] Lauren: Mhm.
[02:28:31] Matt Palmer: So I wonder if there's something we need to develop there. Yeah. Yeah, I mean the the other way to do this, which I think we we had also brainstormed a little bit this morning is um like you know each of these um like each of these lineups. We could actually change the like conditions that they're the bots are fighting in right? Like we could have like let's say you have what what appears to be a really crappy card or or a bot. We could actually make that bot like be really good in a certain circumstance. So you can imagine a circumstance where like the stats are all swapped or something. We can create all these different like arenas or something like that where the arenas are then like where like one bot might be really great, another bot bot might not be as much. That could be another way we we play with this.
[02:29:14] Lauren: Yeah. This is quite cool actually the the what do you call I don't know what you call this like this rotation.
[02:29:22] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:29:23] Lauren: CSS rotation effect with the roll.
[02:29:24] Matt Palmer: It's kind of nice. I like that a lot.
[02:29:26] Lauren: It just makes it look cool.
[02:29:28] Matt Palmer: Cool. Um well, I think we've made some really good progress in the last few minutes. I I like think adding some visuals to it really helps the design start to feel more real. Um I think we're going to bring on a guest actually to chat a little bit with us uh and just kind of spend some time jamming on Grok Bot and how they're using Grok Bot. Um so what we'll probably do is take a quick two to three minute break uh and kind of go off stream and then um we'll come back with a guest and keep building in parallel.
[02:29:53] Lauren: Nice. Yeah, we'll try to make
[02:39:03] Matt Palmer: Welcome back everyone. Thanks for having spent the day with us so far. For those who are just joining, you're joining our 72 hour live stream where we are using Grok Bot to build a business from scratch. We've made some really fun decisions. We made some pivots. Catch back up on the replay if you haven't had a chance to see this morning's content. Um I'm Roshan. I work on product at xAI. Lauren and Matt who are also on the team are off building, but we really wanted to make some make sure we could spend some time with folks who are using Grok Bot in really fun and interesting ways. And so we have with us now Karen Chang. Karen, welcome.
[02:39:36] Karen: Hi. Thanks for having me.
[02:39:38] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Thanks so much for being here. Um we know you are a cursor and Grok Bot power user. I actually have a slide on the screen here if we can show that uh with some of the incredibly cool stuff you've built. And so um you know we have a bunch of folks watching. Uh you are a creative technologist and filmmaker. You have over 3 million followers. You're creating a bunch of just like really fun use cases with all of these tools. And yeah, I'm excited to just spend some time digging into all this with you, kind of learning from how you use all the tools and maybe sharing some tips hopefully for some of our viewers. Anything you'd want to add about kind of what you work on and and what you do?
[02:40:12] Karen: Yeah, let's dive in. I can definitely chat through some of the stuff I've built. Uh I've been using Grok Bot since early days and got obsessed with it pretty early on. And I thought maybe I would test the capabilities of Grok Bot. Uh Grok Bot, can I get a water?
[02:40:23] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Wow. Grok Bot in the real world. This is like part of your whole thing though, right? Like this middle this middle custom newspaper which maybe we'll talk about in a little bit. But yeah, yeah. Very cool, very cool. Um but yeah, thanks so much for being here. Obviously, thanks so much for using Grok Bot. The first thing that I like to ask ask anyone when I kind of you know talk to them about Grok Bot is like what does your team look like? Do you have a chief of staff bot? Do you have a bunch of bots working on different projects? Tell us a little bit about how you set up Grok Bot for you and how you're using it and maybe any fun any fun bot names you've come up with?
[02:40:57] Karen: Yeah. Uh I have very uncreative bot names. So I just have a bot for each task. Um and so I do have the chief of staff, but I have a package tracker. I have uh like show like a reality TV shows tracker. I have like
[02:41:13] Matt Palmer: Oh, I love that. Okay.
[02:41:16] Karen: 30 morning newspaper bots because I was testing creating a a template which we can we can get into. Um
[02:41:21] Matt Palmer: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
[02:41:22] Karen: and uh I was I I used cursor a lot for projects. And then now I find myself switching over to Grok Bot because actually I'm not super technical. And um whenever I vibe coded, I would actually oftentimes feel a little dumb because I would see all this code and be like
[02:41:35] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah.
[02:41:38] Karen: do what you do do what you want to do, but I don't actually know what's going on. And I love how the Grok Bot UI kind of just makes decisions for me and almost hides what I don't need to see. And so I can just focus on this is what I want to do.
[02:41:45] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. And so it sounds like you're doing a lot of coding work, but also maybe some operational stuff for for your like your life and maybe your business as well. Is that the right way to break out? Yeah.
[02:41:56] Karen: Yeah, I would say it's stuff I'm doing personally and then also like weird things I'm inventing slash making ideas that I've been building. And what I love is that Grok Bot connects the cursor on the back end so we can actually code and make things.
[02:41:58] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. And so if you're you're spinning up cursor agents then within Grok Bot kind of pairing those things together to build all your stuff. Okay. Well, obviously you've built some incredibly cool things. I'd love to hear a little bit about some of them. Uh we'll leave it to you to pick which one you'd love to like to talk about first, but I know you've done a really cool project with Vesta boards that we showed a second ago. You have a really cool custom newspaper. Um anyone of those that you'd want to kind of share a little bit more about?
[02:42:14] Karen: Yes. Yeah. Right. Uh I'll start with the newspaper. Um I just posted about it on on Twitter last week actually. And so the idea is I don't know if you want to uh pull up the slide.
[02:42:36] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, let's see if we can get the slide back on while we're talking.
[02:42:46] Karen: And so the idea is if you look at that middle video there, um it's a newspaper that's personalized to you that prints overnight while you sleep. Why why do this? Is because um you can now start your day without touching your phone. So you can grab this in the morning. It pulls from your calendar and your email. And then it creates this newspaper, meetings, packages arriving, weather to do. And it turns your subscriptions and substacks into a reading section. And then it creates a comic based on your day and a crossword with hints from your life.
[02:43:18] Matt Palmer: I really like that. Yeah.
[02:43:19] Karen: And I actually brought the one that it printed for me this morning. Yeah. So I can I can I can show you
[02:43:21] Matt Palmer: Oh, no way. Okay. Let's get a camera close-up on this so we can we can show everyone on the stream.
[02:43:26] Karen: Um Yeah. So this is actually a bot template that I made that you can try. Um if you go to newspaper.karenx.com uh I'll say it again, newspaper.karenx.com it's a bot that you can just add to your Grok Bot. And then it will say your name. It won't say it won't say my name when it prints.
[02:43:41] Matt Palmer: The Karen Times. What if I want a copy of the Karen Times?
[02:43:48] Karen: Do you can have one. You you can have only your times.
[02:43:52] Matt Palmer: Fair, fair.
[02:43:53] Karen: Um but it will basically pull a summary of your day. It'll draw an image and then um summarize your day with your meetings. And also I have a section for packages arriving which is which is pretty useful. Um and then it has today's weather. And then uh the bot will actually ask you which of your emails it'll actually go through your email and look at your email subscriptions and ask you to pick which of your email subscriptions do you want to include so you can pick your favorites. And then it will actually show your subscriptions. And then I did actually a bunch of testing with laying out this newspaper. So what it does is it
[02:44:16] Matt Palmer: Wow. Wow.
[02:44:31] Karen: it says like verbatim what your the person you subscribed to is. And then it has an editor summary towards the end cuz you cuz that way your paper isn't like 20 pages long. Um so this is the reading section. And then my favorite part is that it draws a little comic about you and about your day. And you probably can't see this, but this is actually it turned out to be about the event which I didn't I didn't plan it, but I just saw it this morning. And so this is me like um getting the Uber code to get here which thanks for the voucher. And then this is me like at the cursor at the Grok Bot event. And then this is me leaving. And then it also creates a crossword with hints based on your life. Um and so I actually if you go through and try the newspaper bot, so it's at newspaper.karenx.com or or you can find me on socials. And the link is there. Um it will actually draw an avatar of you. So it will look like you. So it it has you like pick your avatar and then you can just type in and add like do I want glasses? Do I want to wear a certain type of outfit? And it will make it look like you.
[02:45:34] Matt Palmer: That's awesome. And so the bot prompts you when you set it up to do all these things. It sounds like it connects to a bunch of services. Is that right?
[02:45:35] Karen: Um Yes. So the bot basically um uh it's it introduces itself. Um and then I actually programmed a so basically the way I set up this template was I wrote like a 30 page long prompt about how this thing should be set up. And the first is the setup instructions which is the questions that it's going to ask you. And then the second part is all these rules about like how to design and lay out this paper. And the setup flow, it will ask you your name, where you live. And so that way it'll pull the weather and the like events around you, like things around town to help you get get you out of the house hopefully. Um
[02:46:21] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:46:24] Karen: and then it pulls from your calendar to email to get all the stuff about your day. And then it asks you to pick an avatar. And then it asks you what time you wake up in the morning so that way it starts working on it like um a an hour beforehand.
[02:46:32] Matt Palmer: Okay. Sort of like a newspaper alarm clock like I sleep next to my printer now and it kind of wakes me up in the morning.
[02:46:40] Karen: I just did that for social media.
[02:46:42] Matt Palmer: I saw that. I saw that. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[02:46:43] Karen: You don't Yeah. Um uh so and then I uh I was testing it with friends and before I released it. And my friend was testing it. And then he was like, oh my god, it just started printing. Cuz what it it will do actually once you reach the end, it sets up your it makes your newspaper is it will just automatically scan your like network for printers.
[02:47:04] Matt Palmer: Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah.
[02:47:05] Karen: And then it will just print.
[02:47:07] Matt Palmer: Very agentic.
[02:47:08] Karen: Also there's privacy settings in it. So by default it will keep financial figures and like doc medical details and stuff off the page.
[02:47:14] Matt Palmer: That's good.
[02:47:15] Karen: But just to warn you, it will find a printer and print it. So if you're at work like just be aware
[02:47:20] Matt Palmer: Be careful. Yeah. Maybe there's like a printer setting that the bot should Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[02:47:23] Karen: Yeah. But I love how it will just find the printer and just print it. That is that is so cool.
[02:47:26] Matt Palmer: Yeah. That's great. Printer setup is like the most notoriously hard problem in home times.
[02:47:30] Karen: I and you you guys did it. You guys figured it out. That was honestly the part I was most excited about was that it printed.
[02:47:34] Matt Palmer: And was that just Grok Bot figuring it out by itself? You just told Grok Bot, hey, find a printer and print things and it just does it?
[02:47:39] Karen: Yes. I well, I set up the template which I just said like print can you print it? And it didn't ask me like settings. It didn't ask me to connect anything. It didn't ask me anything. It just in the background saw that there was a printer on my Wi-Fi. And then it just started started going. And I was like, this is this is the true magic
[02:47:50] Matt Palmer: Yeah. That's cool.
[02:47:56] Karen: right here.
[02:47:56] Matt Palmer: A true agent in the physical world. Maybe next we could build a water robot that brings you that brings you water. Yeah, so we can really tell that story too. But yeah. Wait, so this is incredible. So it sounds like you also mentioned you prototyped a bunch of different bots as you kind of iterated towards what the final version of this was. Could you walk through kind of what that prototyping experience was? Did you know how did that go? Like what what was great about it? Maybe like what was so great about it? Like yeah.
[02:48:10] Karen: Yeah. Okay. So my so this newspaper is formatted really to look like a newspaper, but I will say the first versions of my newspaper formatting was really ugly. I don't have like pictures of it, but just take my word for it. It did not look good. It looked
[02:48:30] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:48:31] Karen: And so I would just constantly give Grok Bot feedback. And then it figured out that it needed to use some sort of like weezy print skill and CSS. And then it also picked out like all these fonts and stuff. It just made all these great design decisions. And then I iterated with it to get the design the way I wanted. And then I had it create like a template PDF and a template CSS file. And then Okay. Yeah. um basically I uploaded everything to Cloudflare. So when your newspaper bot loads, it pulls all the files, all the fonts, everything from Cloudflare and then sets everything up for you.
[02:49:06] Matt Palmer: That's really cool. So your bot template you've kind of iterated it on iterated on it. The template now comes with some connectors that it should have that that you should set up with it. And then kind of that once you install those
[02:49:12] Karen: Yeah. Yeah. Right. But you don't have to worry about any of that. You just literally
[02:49:18] Matt Palmer: But
[02:49:20] Karen: click import bot. And then in the background it pulls all that stuff. You don't even know that that's happening.
[02:49:21] Matt Palmer: Cool. Awesome. So you kind of set it up where you're hosting a bunch of that stuff too. And so it's kind of helped. Yeah. Makes sense, makes sense. Very cool. Um I guess I'm curious kind of having gone through this process with Grok Bot. Obviously, you've built a lot of other really cool stuff too. Um how do you think about what Grok Bot does for you know creators, inventors like yourself? And it sounds like a lot of this is just like it lets you test a bunch of ideas. Maybe it kind of brings the code a little bit closer to the creative process. And I I personally really love that too. It's like you can go from idea to to execution much faster. But curious like are are those the things that you're seeing the most? Have you What has it done for you? Yeah.
[02:49:34] Karen: Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's speeding up so many ideas. And I have Yeah. I'm just able to build things much faster now. And I'm able to build things that I couldn't before just because it's crazy just how much of a difference the UI being simple accelerates my ideas in just the sort of like subconscious way. And I can I can share I can share an example of
[02:50:11] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:50:18] Karen: uh let's go back to the slide. And if you look the first project that I did on the very left side is a project that I did with cursor. And I did this before Grok Bot existed. And so this is basically what I call the world's dumbest smartphone. But basically you pick up a a rotary phone, you ask a question, you hang up. And then I have it connected to a split flap display that will answer the question. And again, the idea is that you can spend less time on your phone. As you can see, I really have a problem with my phone addiction. But
[02:50:45] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:50:49] Karen: what you'll be able to do is um you ask any question and it can look up the weather. It can look up like my exercise classes. It's also pulling from that. And this took me quite some time to code in cursor, to figure out how to connect to the APIs. Um and there was just quite a lot of development involved. And I felt like a lot of imposter syndrome actually when I was building it cuz I'm not a coder. I'm not a developer. And I can use cursor and I can ask it to do things. But half the time it's asking me to commit to GitHub and repos. And I'm like
[02:51:19] Matt Palmer: Right.
[02:51:21] Karen: I don't know. Can you help me? And it will help me. It will do it. But I am in there and I feel like an imposter. Um I actually recently tried doing something some like re reproducing that thing on the left side, that video on the left side inside Grok Bot. And I was like, hey, can you just um I set up a a package alerts tracker.
[02:51:40] Matt Palmer: Okay. Yeah.
[02:51:41] Karen: So inside Grok Bot, I recommend you do this because I don't I'm not always good at like knowing what packages are arriving cuz I have my packages separate on a like a separate email account. So I don't know like what's arriving. And then I I maybe miss it. And then I'm home but the but the UPS driver doesn't ring the doorbell and then it's on my doorstep and it gets stolen.
[02:52:00] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately. Yeah.
[02:52:01] Karen: So uh so I wanted a package tracker that tells me like this is what's arriving today. This is what's arriving this week. And so it will check my email uh like twice a day and for like what's out for delivery. And then it will scan and then if it's out for delivery, it starts checking more often.
[02:52:20] Matt Palmer: Oh, cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[02:52:20] Karen: Yeah. And then it even logs into my Amazon account. And um once it's out for delivery, it will send me a screenshot of the number of stops away my Amazon driver is.
[02:52:23] Matt Palmer: Nice. So you're truly getting like down to the minute notifications for your package.
[02:52:33] Karen: Yeah, cuz I want it flipping. And then also it checks like for DoorDash. It'll tell me like when my DoorDash is on the way. So I've I've made this package tracker and I've had it connected to like all these different packages.
[02:52:35] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And sounds like all kinds of like food packages and also like mail packages and everything in between. Yeah, yeah.
[02:52:44] Karen: Right. Yeah. Yeah. And then I connected it to my split flap display which is the Vesta board which is the thing that flips. And it's in my room.
[02:52:52] Matt Palmer: Um
[02:52:53] Karen: And so whenever a package comes, it's like your package is here. I just can't I can't miss it.
[02:52:57] Matt Palmer: Yeah, yeah. So you never have to look at your phone. Like everything just gets notified to you on
[02:53:02] Karen: For packages. I still pull up my phone for other things. But um for but that was so easy to set up because uh for in in cursor I had to build a whole like
[02:53:03] Matt Palmer: For packages. Fair, fair, fair.
[02:53:12] Karen: like web interface connect to APIs, like uh upload upload like create a web It was just many steps and a lot of troubleshooting. And then inside Grok Bot I was just like, wait, can you just connect to my Vesta board? And I was like, sure. Give the API key. And I was like, okay. So I pull up the app which comes with the Yeah. Here you go. Right. grab the API key, pasted it. And then uh like 2 minutes later my my display starts flapping. And I was like and it didn't ask me to build anything, to anything, upload anything. And so
[02:53:43] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:53:45] Karen: just the the frictionless nature I'm coming up with so many more ideas now because of that because it's just so easy to build things. And I feel like I don't have to code anymore. Like the coding is invisible. Like it's no longer vibe coding. It's just vibing.
[02:53:54] Matt Palmer: Yeah. It's it's vibe creating.
[02:54:00] Karen: But
[02:54:01] Matt Palmer: Maybe?
[02:54:02] Karen: Yeah, vibe creating.
[02:54:02] Matt Palmer: Maybe? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know. I'm not good at coining the terms.
[02:54:04] Karen: I'm not coining that.
[02:54:06] Matt Palmer: Please don't like yeah, please don't feature me. Um you know one of the things that I I'm finding that is really resonant about the work that you've done is that it has really shortened the creative process. Um but it feels like you also like have dug pretty deep like in your phone project. You're kind of like working with microcontrollers and like doing a lot of work with hardware. And so I'm kind of curious like you know have you used Grok Bot to help with sort of learning how to do those things? Are you kind of like using Grok Bot as an educational tool? And then also just like where do you get some of that inspiration from? Cuz I think there's a lot of people out there who are like I don't know where to get started or I don't know what to work on. I'm just curious kind of how you how you like think of those ideas.
[02:54:22] Karen: Yeah. Right. Right. Yeah, I'm starting to use Grok Bot to connect especially with tools that have APIs. Um it's been really helpful. Actually the next step of my newspaper bot uh is I'm going to actually take this this this a step further. And I actually got a robot pen that like actually plots and draws it so it can draw like a full sized newspaper. And that can connect with an API. So I'm working on
[02:54:56] Matt Palmer: Yes. Yeah. Okay.
[02:55:05] Karen: connecting Grok Bot to like this robot pen. And so that'll be my next video that I'm still figuring that that one out. So um so
[02:55:10] Matt Palmer: Okay. Okay. Okay.
[02:55:14] Karen: uh so that's been really fun. And um yeah, I just feel like it has just been able to I've been honestly been really manic the last few weeks. Like I haven't been sleeping as well because I've just been have had all all these ideas. But in terms of where I get the ideas, actually this this came from solving problems that I had. So last year um I had a challenge for myself where I would not look at screens on Saturdays.
[02:55:26] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
[02:55:42] Karen: I didn't do it every Saturday, but I would do it at least like once or twice a month. It was very hard. Um but basically the ideas from like from Friday night until Sunday morning no phones no laptops like I would I would watch a little bit of TV. But but no like no devices, no devices that are connected to the internet that could send me notifications. And I I did it because I was so burnt out
[02:55:59] Matt Palmer: Sure. No tiny screens. Right.
[02:56:10] Karen: um on like my phone and phone addiction. And I was feeling just really not good. Like physically not good, mentally not good. I felt like my brain was a sponge that held the maximum amount of water that it could possibly hold. And there was just no room in my brain for anything else.
[02:56:16] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:56:27] Karen: So I did this thing where I would not look at my phone for like um a day a month or 2 days a month. It was shockingly hard um because there's so much on your phone now. Like everything that you need is now on your phone. So it's
[02:56:42] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:56:43] Karen: it's much harder now to not to forego your phone than it was like 10 or 15 years ago.
[02:56:46] Matt Palmer: Right. It feels like you're like giving up an appendage or like you're just losing contact with the world or something like that. Right.
[02:56:48] Karen: Yeah, I can't coordinate with friends to meet up. I can't like order food. I can walk to a grocery store and cook which is you know that's that was a good thing for me to to learn to do.
[02:56:53] Matt Palmer: Right. Yeah. And maybe that's also a good outcome. Yeah.
[02:57:00] Karen: But yeah, yeah. Um and so and then I also can't just look up something. Like sometimes I'm just curious. I want to know like well, what time does the hardware store close? I can't look that up. You know what what time is the exercise class today? I I gave up so much in not using my phone. So I had all these like problems. And so I think you can identify a problem or a pain point that you have in your life and then just solve it. And so I came up with these kind of ridiculous solutions which was creating
[02:57:05] Matt Palmer: Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah.
[02:57:28] Karen: you know this phone that would answer questions for me on a giant split flap display and a thing that would print a print my um newspaper. But the problem that this solved actually was I know I'm not supposed to look at my phone first thing in the morning. I know that that's I noticed when I look at my phone on first thing in the morning, I'm scrolling with like one eye open.
[02:57:49] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[02:57:50] Karen: I like my both of my eyes haven't even opened yet. Yeah. And then I'm like I'm like scrolling Instagram. I know this is not good. And I'm scrolling TikTok. This is not good for me. And then I wake up and I start my day. And it kind of it throws my whole day. And and then I would have days where I was like, okay, I'm not going to look at my phone. I'm going to go out in the park first thing. And those days will always be much better. But that would take so much discipline because in the morning I'm like, well, what's new? Who needs me? Was there an urgent email overnight? Was there a calendar event that was moved? Was there something I need to know? And so I would just
[02:57:51] Matt Palmer: Both eyes in your eyes like not the healthiest thing. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
[02:58:24] Karen: could not resist checking my phone in order to get that information. And then but then I would see all my social media apps and I would see all the other stuff I don't need. So I was like, okay, what if it could just print just the information I needed, which was how this idea for this morning newspaper came out.
[02:58:26] Matt Palmer: Yeah. This is amazing. Uh what I'm sort of taking away from this and for those of you who are watching and maybe want some ideas of what to do with Grok Bot, I think so much of what you can do is like you know install Grok Bot, give it a problem that you are facing, whether it's wanting to curb your phone addiction or maybe getting outside more often or you know anything like that, right? Like helping manage a crazy schedule, helping track your packages. I think there's so many of these sort of like daily problems that people face. Uh and you know daily things that you know if you haven't used an AI agent tool in a little while, you don't you don't even know it's possible that you could like ask an agent to help with some of that work. And it sounds like you've really sort of like you know prototyped that in some ways by saying like, hey, I'm going to like go and figure out all these little things where I can go and get Grok Bot to help me out. And I think that's just super awesome. Um
[02:59:23] Karen: I can share a few other I I don't know how we are on time.
[02:59:25] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I think we're I think we have a few more minutes. Yeah. What do you give us a rapid fire? Like what's the
[02:59:27] Karen: Okay. I can share Okay. I can share a few other of my bots that have been really helpful. So um one is like when my favorite t-shirt there's a shirt that I wanted that was out of stock in the color that I wanted. And it I just have like a back in stock tracker for items that are out of stock. And so once a day it'll go to the website and it'll check for like the size and the color that I want and see if it's in stock. And then sure enough like one day it had the alert. And it was like, it's in stock. There's only one. I think probably someone returned it. And I went and got it immediately. You could also set it up to buy it automatically. I was going on vacation, so I was like
[03:00:00] Karen: I don't buy it automatically. I will I will do it.
[03:00:02] Matt Palmer: You're a package tracker. You need to track the package. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
[03:00:10] Karen: But you And then my package arrives and then Yeah. And then my package arrives. Yeah. Um I have a shows tracker, so um I just put in like I just tell it like here are my favorite shows and it'll tell me when something is renewed for season two, when like it's going to come out that day cuz I'm sitting down at night and I'm like what am I going to watch?
[03:00:16] Matt Palmer: That's cool. Yeah.
[03:00:21] Karen: And then this thing will tell me like hey your favorite show premieres tonight or it just got renewed and that's you know that's something that I look forward to. Um
[03:00:28] Matt Palmer: It's not like you also did a lot of proactivity, right? It's like things that you'd otherwise have to go seek out information for. You kind of now have Grok Bot pushing that to you. So you kind of just have one place where it's kind of like a feed, right? Of all the stuff you care about, all these like things that are arriving on your doorstep, maybe some like notifications that would be over there that you can now centralize. So I really love that idea of kind of like putting everything in one place.
[03:00:32] Karen: Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. And then the thing that I like really liked doing is um I like Grok Bot can control your iMessage. I don't know if you Okay, so this takes I think a little bit of settings to set up. You have to change the settings in order for this to happen. But Grok Bot controls your iMessage. So then to be able to put if then logic on your iMessage has been so cool. So for example, um I was ordering an item to a friend's house that they needed and so I Instacarted it to their house. Um and so I needed to tell them like this is when your item's arriving, but I didn't want to I wanted to go take a shower. Like I didn't want to go sit and update this my friend. So I was like okay Grok Bot I want you to check where my Instacart driver is and then once it gets close like within 10 minutes, I want you to take a screenshot and then send that screenshot via iMessage to my friend every like 2 minutes. And then my friend actually could know where the driver was and then get it cuz Instacart doesn't have actually an ability to share where the driver is to someone else.
[03:01:20] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Cool. Absolutely. Right. Wait, with Grok Bot you can make it multiplayer it sounds like. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Very cool. Very cool. So these are all really amazing. I know we're coming a little bit up on time. One thing kind of just working on the Grok Bot team that's really helpful for us to hear and like kind of putting my product hat on is what feature request do you have? Like what would you love to see in Grok Bot next? Maybe where some areas where you might want, you know, things to be a bit better or some areas where, you know, we could add new stuff.
[03:01:47] Karen: Right. Right. Yeah. Um I would love for it to be able to I would love for it to be able to manage logins better. So the login stuff is super useful. I use it for example to check um I have a subscriptions canceler and so it checks how much money I'm spending on my various subscriptions. But the problem is things are always getting logged out on my on the virtual machine.
[03:02:14] Matt Palmer: Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
[03:02:27] Karen: But sometimes uh I'm logged in on my local computer. So it would be good if
[03:02:31] Matt Palmer: So managing that whole life cycle better. Yeah. That sounds
[03:02:32] Karen: Yeah. That would probably be one pain point that I would love.
[03:02:35] Matt Palmer: Yeah. And your sounds like you're logging into a bunch of services, so you're probably hitting that pretty frequently. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. Well, thank you. I it's like really helpful for us to hear especially from a power user such as yourself. And so maybe just to wrap us up, first of all, thank you so much for being here. This is incredible. I just find it is incredible to see the creativity of what you've built with Grok Bot. Um you know I'm I'm excited to see all the future projects you build. I'm not going to ask for too many spoilers, but the plotter sounds amazing. I might need to buy a plotter and go make myself a full page newspaper. So like, you know, we'll we'll chat we'll chat afterwards. Um just to wrap things up, where can people find you? Where can people find your bots? And any parting thoughts you'd leave for the folks watching?
[03:02:41] Karen: Yeah. That's coming. Yes. Okay. Uh you can find me on social media. It's KarenX Cheng, c h e n g. Um and then if you want the newspaper bot, it's newspaper.karenx.com.
[03:03:22] Matt Palmer: Wonderful.
[03:03:23] Karen: Or you can just search in Google like morning bot news morning newspaper bot.
[03:03:28] Matt Palmer: Yeah, and we should get that in the marketplace too. I feel like that'd be a cool marketplace. Okay. Okay.
[03:03:30] Karen: It is in the marketplace. You can go to the marketplace and in the personal category you have the morning news.
[03:03:34] Matt Palmer: x ai/bot/marketplace and there we go. All right. Well, thank you so much for being here. We're going to cut to a short break and then we will come back to building our 3-day business and keep the process going. Thank you all for being here. Yes. Exactly. All right. Okay. Thank you. We're back on. Uh and so uh that was a conversation uh with Roshan Karen and Karen and Roshan. Yes. And uh I honestly one of my favorite demos for Grok Bot uh is Karen's internet connected printer. So if you haven't seen that one on on uh X yet, highly recommend. I really want to build something similar myself. Um and so in the meantime during our break uh I was chatting with Lauren. Lauren did a bunch of whiteboarding, started to think through some ideas uh and and directions for for the game.
[03:11:13] Roshan: Yeah. Uh so we'll take a look at my screen real quick. Um so I have TL Draw open and I was Basically, this is more for me. Uh you know I could have prompted a bot to come up with this, but I just wanted to like visualize it in my head how it would work. But um this is kind of a rough like I guess a rough set of mocks where
[03:11:35] Matt Palmer: This is cool. Yeah.
[03:11:36] Roshan: Yeah. You have like you know really like a game screen.
[03:11:39] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:11:39] Roshan: The the name of the game is obviously uh
[03:11:41] Matt Palmer: Cupcake.
[03:11:42] Roshan: well working title.
[03:11:43] Matt Palmer: Working It's not actually called Cupcake.
[03:11:44] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh and then you get like a new match screen and then
[03:11:47] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:11:49] Roshan: This part is not
[03:11:50] Matt Palmer: I think you give a captain. Yeah. That makes
[03:11:51] Roshan: Yeah. So I was thinking like so you would pick a bot as your captain and maybe that has some implication later.
[03:11:54] Matt Palmer: Right. Yeah. Right. We can build a top of that later. Yeah. Yeah.
[03:11:57] Roshan: Right. But uh for now I I don't know if there is there's any implication. But you choose your captain and so that's the bot that you get to pick, right? And then random one and two are the ones that are assembled too.
[03:12:07] Matt Palmer: To assemble your team and kind of put the team together. Yeah. That makes a lot of sense.
[03:12:09] Roshan: Yeah. And then um
[03:12:12] Matt Palmer: You can see the stats maybe
[03:12:13] Roshan: Yeah. So once you click on choose captain, then you get like so this is like your list of bots that you've already hired.
[03:12:18] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Mhm.
[03:12:20] Roshan: Um and you can pick which one. And then I guess there could be like another like an input here that says like import. You can do it here, but then you can also go into this team
[03:12:27] Matt Palmer: Create a new one. Yeah. Of course.
[03:12:32] Roshan: page and then you can manage the bots you have and and maybe for now we'll just It's just a very simple list of bots you've imported before. And then kind of associated with your account, right? So when you've logged in, you kind of have a team that's coaching you.
[03:12:37] Matt Palmer: Yeah. I like that. It could be interesting to track like who minted the bot. Like the original creator or and the signer of the creator.
[03:12:46] Roshan: Yeah. I don't know if that means
[03:12:49] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:12:50] Roshan: anything. It's just cuz it's just the person who uploaded it.
[03:12:52] Matt Palmer: That could be a fun like Easter egg to add maybe as a as a bonus feature. I don't know if that would Yeah. Do you like the whiteboard in the browser inside cursor? Like and and what does that unlock for you? Like can can you do anything special with those um
[03:13:03] Roshan: Uh yeah. So the the the really nice thing about drawing So like yeah I have TL Draw open in Cursor's browser and my agent can just see it. So you can see like I just told told the agent like hey can you look at my browser? I drew some mocks and it took a screenshot and it now has context. Very useful context
[03:13:20] Matt Palmer: Oh, that's exactly the same.
[03:13:22] Roshan: um to actually go off and build it. So I have it actually you know cuz our our original version of our prototype uh is kind of not
[03:13:30] Matt Palmer: I still love this by the way. Like I think this looks pretty great, but we can come back to it.
[03:13:33] Roshan: I mean it doesn't look like a game. It looks like a like some kind of weird UI. Um but yes I wanted to make it look more game-like. So that that was the inspiration for okay how do I how do I actually want this to look cuz this is not very This is not the game I want to play personally. Um so you know like very big and minimalist and and fun and
[03:13:48] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. I like the big sort of like take over the screen, really focus on the bots. We can maybe bring some of the the cards CSS that you were you were calling out to bear here and have this really be simple, right? So you see your team and then um did you have a chance to prototype out how you'd actually go and then uh
[03:14:00] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So once you pick your your captain, then like let's say I picked Dr. Eggbot as my captain um then you get to decide the order of the and use Dragon Drop.
[03:14:21] Matt Palmer: Cool. Yeah.
[03:14:22] Roshan: Uh then you confirm and then you put you get uh matched. You get a finding match screen. It'd be ideal if the matchmaking was so fast that you would never saw the screen, but maybe if it takes more than like a few seconds to show you your screen.
[03:14:34] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Cool loading animation maybe for the two.
[03:14:37] Roshan: And then okay so let's say I got matched with Maddie P who has Matt Bot and round one. So unlike the prototype we saw before which is very text text-wordy, um you you just see like your one bot at a time and it's like round one. And I'm still kind of thinking about how this would look, but um maybe I'll I'll get the bot to kind of now that I have a basic mocks
[03:15:01] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:15:02] Roshan: um just get the the agent to actually riff on these. And so I was just thinking like okay random two use Rizz and Matt Bot use Implode. And I was toying with this idea of like not making it too stat-focused, if that makes sense, because it's like
[03:15:16] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah.
[03:15:18] Roshan: it's not very fun to me. Like random two use Rizz and that was 37 charisma. Like like who cares? So I was thinking like maybe there's like a way to visually show like we'll just have two arrows of power, you know? And so you can it's more like
[03:15:31] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:15:34] Roshan: conceptual. And then Implode only has like Maybe this is just based on the the stat
[03:15:40] Matt Palmer: Yeah. I think that could actually that could actually be fun. It's like we just maybe we chunk the stats into four categories like 0 to 20, 20 to 40, 40 to 80.
[03:15:46] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah. It's like Right. And so we just show weak strong like
[03:15:52] Matt Palmer: Numbers are behind the scenes. Yeah. Yeah. So for the people who really want to dig into the numbers and like, you know, get into it, they can, but if you're
[03:15:58] Roshan: I mean I don't know I I feel like the numbers
[03:16:00] Matt Palmer: Or maybe the numbers aren't visible.
[03:16:01] Roshan: I feel like the numbers could be hidden and maybe we'll see how that feels.
[03:16:03] Matt Palmer: Yeah. That's a good point. We can always have that later. Yeah.
[03:16:07] Roshan: And and maybe yeah cuz like I feel like the numbers are only interesting if you can somehow have an impact on the number.
[03:16:15] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:16:16] Roshan: So I think like maybe just show the the relative strength for now.
[03:16:20] Matt Palmer: Yeah. I like that. We should just take cuz I think we go up to what 150 max, 150 total stats today. So it's probably a way for us to
[03:16:24] Roshan: Yeah. So maybe the legendary is like four or
[03:16:27] Matt Palmer: Yeah. You go four and it like it feels like a cool like animation. Yeah. Yeah.
[03:16:28] Roshan: Yeah. And then you don't even And maybe you don't even know that your your opponent bot is like legendary.
[03:16:34] Matt Palmer: And it gets revealed that it was
[03:16:35] Roshan: It just gets shown when they use a skill and it's like extremely powerful.
[03:16:37] Matt Palmer: Oh, that's cool. I really like that too because it sort of amps up the drama and I feel like that's something that keeps you really, you know, would keep people engaged. Like I would love that I'm like waiting with anticipation to see what happens in each one of these in each one of these turns and so.
[03:16:44] Roshan: Mhm. Yeah. These this part definitely needs some design help, I think. Like I'm not that good at coming up with designs here, but just thinking through like how like how do we do these like how do we make the animations so good? You know how do we make the how do we just make it not like a text soup game where it's just text floating around everywhere?
[03:16:52] Matt Palmer: Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
[03:17:07] Roshan: Uh so some like cool animations. Uh like like a win and lose animation could be interesting. Uh but yeah that's what I just sketched out really quickly in the break.
[03:17:09] Matt Palmer: Okay. I love that. Yeah.
[03:17:18] Roshan: And um we have our Oh, there you go. We have some mocks, I guess. I didn't ask it for mocks, but um oh maybe I just need to refresh.
[03:17:22] Matt Palmer: Nice.
[03:17:27] Roshan: Oh, there you go.
[03:17:28] Matt Palmer: Cool. Okay.
[03:17:28] Roshan: Yeah, let's try.
[03:17:29] Matt Palmer: Let's walk through our prototype.
[03:17:29] Roshan: Uh wait, hold on. Is this a real login? Okay, no. It's just fake. Thank goodness. Um that's a fun logo.
[03:17:35] Matt Palmer: Okay. New match.
[03:17:38] Roshan: Okay, so I'm I'm Diamond Cool.
[03:17:38] Matt Palmer: That looks cool. Yeah. What is Diamond?
[03:17:41] Roshan: Uh oh so I had this idea. So um since we have Evolving team,
[03:17:45] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:17:46] Roshan: uh I thought it would be cool to show instead of again like instead of showing numbers,
[03:17:46] Matt Palmer: Oh, cool. Your tier.
[03:17:50] Roshan: it's far more I think engaging and interesting when uh it you know the the player doesn't see the actual I don't know how to explain. I'm not a game designer.
[03:17:59] Matt Palmer: You don't have to see the guts of how the game works before you play the game. Yeah. Yeah.
[03:18:01] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You kind of like It's more you know instead of saying like oh my my Elo is 1372,
[03:18:08] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:18:09] Roshan: I can say I'm Diamond. And that's like way cooler.
[03:18:09] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. Like I'm in this cool category. Yeah.
[03:18:12] Roshan: I'm Diamond and you're you're like Bronze. Like I'm clearly better than you at this game. Uh so
[03:18:14] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. I like that.
[03:18:20] Roshan: Okay, this one doesn't really look like my mock. Um is this still working?
[03:18:27] Matt Palmer: Oh, I like the big loss. Oh, that's kind of I like the summary screen here too that it came up with where we'd show all the bots in the summary screen if you scroll down. Um
[03:18:34] Roshan: Oh, interesting. I can just show you like
[03:18:35] Matt Palmer: And I kind of give you the summary. I guess maybe that's interesting cuz then you can like tweak your strategy for the next
[03:18:40] Roshan: Yeah. That that is one benefit of actually do of showing the stats is that you could kind of then show why you lost. So like in the actual battle maybe you don't know the stats, but afterwards you kind of get the the the game summary and that actually be really cool to share on social for people too, I think. So
[03:18:44] Matt Palmer: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
[03:18:56] Roshan: So I want to actually tell give it some feedback here like um can I draw? Uh maybe I'll just do the shift click. Oh. Not what I wanted.
[03:19:07] Matt Palmer: It's what you're doing now is using design mode and cursor right to kind of give direct feedback on on the actual prototype. There you go. Yeah. I think you have shift click here to select the whole screen.
[03:19:13] Roshan: Oh, there you go. Uh I'll just say this doesn't match my mocks.
[03:19:23] Matt Palmer: Just giving the agent some feedback on what to adjust.
[03:19:26] Roshan: Three big cards where the first card is the captain selector, I guess. Uh and the other two cards are random. Okay, and then let's actually uh so let's just for the sake of seeing the full Okay, I'm just going to go with Lin Chi's bot. And okay so now we can um sort the order. Tell me out what do you what do you guys think who who should go first?
[03:20:00] Matt Palmer: So for this one, I think let's do our Well, I can't see what Kito gets. Charisma. I think we should put our like Critikito first. That feels like it's a guaranteed win, right? 48 charisma and 30 charisma.
[03:20:10] Roshan: Yeah, I think I'm going to actually implement the drag.
[03:20:12] Matt Palmer: Oh, okay.
[03:20:12] Roshan: So I think what does this do? Oh oh that was not This thing is blocking my screen. I can't see Oh, I guess
[03:20:20] Matt Palmer: I think we did we lose your screen?
[03:20:22] Roshan: Uh okay.
[03:20:24] Matt Palmer: And we're back. There you go.
[03:20:26] Roshan: I think I'm going to give feedback again and say like uh keep pressing uh This should be draggable.
[03:20:34] Matt Palmer: Make this draggable. Yeah.
[03:20:37] Roshan: um to reorder. And you can uh remove the reorder button at the bottom of the screen.
[03:20:50] Matt Palmer: One thing that might be cool too is if we want to push some of this up to our reorder.
[03:20:54] Roshan: I did I did push I did push it up so you can you can start to move it up.
[03:20:55] Matt Palmer: Okay. You can start playing with it too. Awesome.
[03:20:58] Karen: Yeah.
[03:20:58] Roshan: Um
[03:20:59] Matt Palmer: I was working on some like landing page stuff based off the design Lauren has. So you can Let us zoom out a little bit so I can actually click and stuff.
[03:21:01] Karen: Nice. Just just kick it off.
[03:21:07] Roshan: Uh okay then I'm going to confirm. Okay, finding match. Check it out. Finding a match, looking for another agent player. Okay. Okay. So this is just like a demo. I so let's skip it away.
[03:21:16] Matt Palmer: This is Yeah. Oh, this is kind of cool.
[03:21:18] Roshan: Uh Yeah, but it it it happened too fast. Like I think
[03:21:24] Matt Palmer: You need we need to add the animations.
[03:21:26] Roshan: Yeah, but you know what maybe this is fine. We'll ship it.
[03:21:28] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:21:29] Roshan: And then we can iterate.
[03:21:30] Matt Palmer: Iterate. Exactly.
[03:21:31] Roshan: Uh so um so Lin Chi's engineer bot use Rizz. Um I I don't want to show the details here, so I think we'll give it some feedback as well. Um we'll say uh don't show this card here, just the bot avatar. Um and then let's remove the uh Let's just this let's say let's remove the What do you call this?
[03:22:08] Matt Palmer: The stats the stats maybe.
[03:22:09] Roshan: Stat. The stat line.
[03:22:11] Matt Palmer: Mentioned.
[03:22:12] Roshan: Yeah. Stat line.
[03:22:13] Matt Palmer: Mhm.
[03:22:17] Roshan: Um okay and then let's go next round. So we we definitely are going to need some animations so this looks more interesting.
[03:22:25] Matt Palmer: Yep. I can take a pass on that once we have once we have this pushed up.
[03:22:26] Roshan: Yeah. Uh and then actually do we even need to see the result at this point?
[03:22:33] Matt Palmer: I think it would be Well, what are you thinking? Uh what what
[03:22:36] Roshan: Um I don't I just think I I'm I'm wondering is is this like kind of a useless button? Why not just after this round we can just show automatically after a few seconds to show
[03:22:42] Matt Palmer: Mhm. So we go like round one, round two, round three and then done. Yeah. Yeah.
[03:22:46] Roshan: I'll do that later. Uh and lost. Um and then it'd be nice as well if like I wanted to do this where uh we should automatically find a new match uh after
[03:23:03] Matt Palmer: In the background.
[03:23:06] Roshan: 5 seconds if uh user doesn't click.
[03:23:11] Matt Palmer: It would also be kind of cool to see Do we want to show you like your any tier changes in this? Like we could show Diamond plus five, like Diamond minus 10.
[03:23:16] Roshan: Mhm. Yeah. We could show like maybe this could
[03:23:22] Matt Palmer: Well, for each player you might want to see like how they how their ranking changed. Yeah.
[03:23:22] Roshan: how their small subtitle or a caption that shows uh the change to your Elo.
[03:23:34] Matt Palmer: Yeah, change to your Elo. But we don't want to actually show the number. We just want to show your tier plus minus some number. So we could show like Potato minus five. We could even do it where it next to your handle.
[03:23:37] Roshan: Oh, right. We don't agent And then like if I if we just say like Diamond minus by like what is that? It's kind of hard to
[03:23:49] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:23:49] Roshan: to to understand.
[03:23:50] Matt Palmer: Or we could we could come up with an icon for it like like arrow down and like have some more severe arrows for like your dropping arrows.
[03:23:56] Roshan: And so now that I'm thinking about it, I guess some some of these competitive games do show the number. But then but then it's like
[03:24:01] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:24:03] Roshan: uh so so you do know like okay like I don't know like Bronze is from 800 to 1,000, right? But but you just talk about your score as your tier as Bronze.
[03:24:08] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. Your tier. Well, maybe one way we could do this is we could implement the tiers as a bit of a metal. So you have like Bronze, Silver, Gold, Platinum medals that are next to your name, but then we still show you the number. So like a tool or a tool tip on the on on hover basically. Like you hover over the Diamond and you get the actual number.
[03:24:19] Roshan: Yeah. Oh, I like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
[03:24:31] Karen: Uh so yeah my my bots kind of like working through all these uh feedback all the feedback.
[03:24:38] Matt Palmer: Cool.
[03:24:39] Karen: And let's see Is it working? Okay, I just I think I'll just refresh. Um okay let's get new new bot.
[03:24:55] Matt Palmer: See if I can get the latest version of this running too.
[03:24:57] Karen: This just happened. I implemented it. Yeah.
[03:25:01] Matt Palmer: Are you just pushing the main?
[03:25:03] Karen: Yeah.
[03:25:03] Matt Palmer: Awesome. Nice. Nice.
[03:25:05] Karen: No time for PR requests.
[03:25:07] Matt Palmer: No time for PRs. Uh cool cool cool.
[03:25:13] Roshan: Okay, I'll just say like uh when you're done, push commit and push to main.
[03:25:20] Matt Palmer: Let's do it. And I'll kick off an agent to like prototype maybe some of those animation frameworks.
[03:25:26] Roshan: Mhm. Cool. What are you what are you prompting?
[03:25:30] Matt Palmer: Um help me do some research on game animation frameworks. So I'd be like more curious if there's like a library and open source solution where um like these things exist and then we can like build them somehow, maybe even using sliders. So like rather rather than like constructing them ourselves. I'm wondering maybe you think we could take a different approach to that though.
[03:25:48] Roshan: Um so for like Grok Bot animations, we actually use like code to drive code.
[03:25:53] Matt Palmer: Okay, so we could just use
[03:25:54] Roshan: So I wonder if we could actually Uh I mean I don't think I don't know if we should reuse it, but maybe we can have code drive the animations as well. So it's like programmatic.
[03:26:04] Matt Palmer: Sure. That's kind of what I was thinking. Like I was just wondering if there's like a
[03:26:05] Roshan: Yeah. I don't know if there's a framework.
[03:26:07] Matt Palmer: That's what I'm saying. If there's like a dev like a a game dev way. So
[03:26:08] Roshan: Yeah. I feel like the agent or bot could just figure out
[03:26:13] Matt Palmer: All right. We can just also have the bot like write it. Just be like you write us a
[03:26:16] Roshan: Uh might be hard though. Feels like you need
[03:26:18] Matt Palmer: Okay.
[03:26:18] Roshan: design chop chop. I don't know.
[03:26:19] Matt Palmer: I'll I'll just like chat I'll chat with the agent for a little bit before I have it like build something. Well, how do you do it? Like what is your recommendation for that with Potato mode? Like do you
[03:26:23] Roshan: Yeah.
[03:26:28] Matt Palmer: In it's like huge Potato mode and then chat with an agent before you like or I think this is like a very
[03:26:32] Roshan: I think in this yeah in this case if I'm not sure of the approach, I would kind of like keep doing prototypes.
[03:26:39] Matt Palmer: Okay.
[03:26:40] Roshan: I like to build some prototypes. Tell you to do some research as well, like look up
[03:26:43] Matt Palmer: Sure.
[03:26:45] Roshan: how to do programmatic animations uh with you know JavaScript and prototype of few examples small examples. Um it's kind of hard because I think for the Grok Bot avatar, we actually spend a lot of time thinking about the uh like so even though they're like 2D,
[03:27:04] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:27:04] Roshan: but they're actually like like they're 3D in a 2D space, in that sense, cuz you can actually see like when they do like a rotation
[03:27:11] Matt Palmer: Right.
[03:27:12] Roshan: uh or like a cool flip or something like you actually see them rotating and the eyes obviously follow.
[03:27:16] Matt Palmer: Moving around. Yeah. Yeah.
[03:27:18] Roshan: So I think I feel like you need to prompt that somehow.
[03:27:20] Matt Palmer: Okay.
[03:27:20] Roshan: Right? Or or show your agent
[03:27:23] Matt Palmer: Well, do we want to keep them two-dimensional or make them three-dimensional?
[03:27:27] Roshan: I don't know.
[03:27:28] Matt Palmer: Maybe we start with 2D?
[03:27:28] Karen: Yeah, I think two-dimensional
[03:27:29] Roshan: I I feel like
[03:27:30] Matt Palmer: evolve this and stretch it.
[03:27:31] Roshan: I think it could be interesting, but
[03:27:33] Matt Palmer: Because then maybe start simple and then we'll try and and try and expand there.
[03:27:36] Roshan: Yeah. I feel like 2D would be would get us to something faster. And then we can revamp the graphics later cuz the graphics are just a layer on top of the logic.
[03:27:38] Matt Palmer: Like Yeah. Yeah. Right. Exactly. I think we should shift something.
[03:27:47] Roshan: Agreed. Uh yeah that would be interesting moment so like maybe we go from 2D to 3D if we get to that point. I can hit the next milestone.
[03:27:52] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. Right. Like having
[03:27:55] Roshan: But I think yeah my hope is that we can get this prototype
[03:27:56] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:27:59] Roshan: launched uh as soon as possible.
[03:28:01] Matt Palmer: Yep.
[03:28:02] Roshan: And get our audience to actually play chat with uh to play.
[03:28:05] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[03:28:07] Roshan: And Oh, actually you know what? I forgot we need a leaderboard. Uh that reminds me. Uh but the idea is that yeah the leaderboard will be like bragging rights, like you know, like who's the best uh cupcake battler. Um and uh you can replay the game.
[03:28:23] Matt Palmer: Oh, yeah. Like see the replays and see what happened in that game. Yeah. Are you thinking for the leaderboard we just rank everyone by Elo and that's the that's the V1?
[03:28:31] Roshan: Uh yeah I think I think V1 would just be like who has the highest Elo.
[03:28:31] Matt Palmer: Everyone can reach V1 forward. Yep. Yep. Yeah. I like that.
[03:28:37] Roshan: Uh we'll just keep it really stupid and simple for now.
[03:28:41] Matt Palmer: Sounds good. Yeah. And then we can go back and and put it to tiers and do medals and stuff later on. So yeah. Okay.
[03:28:45] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah.
[03:28:47] Matt Palmer: Let's just get it working first.
[03:28:48] Roshan: Cool. Has your agent pushed up the the latest changes?
[03:28:51] Karen: Uh let me see. No, it's still work it's still doing some changes, but um I'll probably start switching to PRs since the three of us are are creating.
[03:29:01] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Let's start Let's do it. I'm excited to start.
[03:29:02] Karen: Uh but I think for now I think you can keep keep working. And then we'll just have your bots resolve It should be fine.
[03:29:08] Matt Palmer: Resolve the changes. Okay.
[03:29:12] Karen: Uh but let's see. I need to I need to know Uh let me just wait for it to to Yeah. I really want to get the base the base in there so I can build on top of some of these design changes that we made.
[03:29:25] Roshan: Mhm. Uh let's see. It's taking screenshots.
[03:29:32] Karen: Oh, yeah. Okay. So it is working, but I guess it hasn't Let me see. Oh, there you go. Okay. Okay. So now uh okay I can see my Elo score now. So Diamond uh 1240.
[03:29:45] Matt Palmer: Cool.
[03:29:46] Karen: I can choose my captain. And Oh, there you go. I have uh Who am I going to pick? I'm going to pick
[03:29:50] Matt Palmer: Your team of bots.
[03:29:52] Karen: Dr. Eggbot. Hell yeah. Uh and then let's let's actually go to Tinkabox first.
[03:29:58] Matt Palmer: Okay. Okay.
[03:29:58] Karen: Cuz like Tinkabox has really good
[03:30:00] Lauren: In fact, maybe Dr. Eggbot's stats are pretty bad. I'm sorry. So
[03:30:05] Roshan: You might need to change that on the back end.
[03:30:08] Lauren: Actually, why not? I I have a handy dandy debug menu in here. Let's make Dr. Eggbot. Oh, I can't change the rarity, unfortunately, but um can I actually Oh. Uh well, since my ability Oh, you know what? Let me just make my ability charisma. There you go. So now Dr. Eggbot has 43 charisma.
[03:30:28] Roshan: Nice.
[03:30:28] Lauren: Cheating.
[03:30:28] Roshan: What what a stat boost.
[03:30:29] Lauren: We got We got to cheat, you know?
[03:30:30] Roshan: Should we add cheats? Should we add like cheat codes? We'll we'll save that for
[03:30:33] Lauren: We'll have We'll have to hide the debug menu when we actually deploy.
[03:30:34] Roshan: Yeah yeah yeah. We'll make an admin interface or something like that.
[03:30:38] Lauren: Um one thing that could be fun for the two of you to help me with is the
[03:30:43] Roshan: Yes.
[03:30:44] Lauren: Uh right now the I feel like the the bots are kind of boring looking. Um it'd be nice to have like I guess you're working on the animations, like a better and nicer design for them.
[03:30:55] Roshan: Yeah.
[03:30:58] Lauren: And then for the skill the abilities, I feel like it'd be really interesting if we used Grok Imagine to come up with like a cool icon for it.
[03:31:05] Roshan: Yeah. Mhm. Yep.
[03:31:09] Lauren: Um just to make it a little bit more visual and more fun
[03:31:13] Roshan: Yeah.
[03:31:13] Lauren: and uh instead of just text cuz I think I can start working on that.
[03:31:18] Roshan: Yeah, I feel like the enemy of of the the game design here is is too much text and numbers.
[03:31:23] Lauren: Yeah, for sure.
[03:31:24] Roshan: I want to make it a little bit more visual, more fun.
[03:31:26] Lauren: Cool. So I actually have a bot that I might be able to use for this. Actually, uh we cut over to my screen. I'll show you what I've been what I used I could we could reuse this. This was before the pivot. And this is a pattern that I like to use for um Imagine. Uh so what I'll do is uh I'll chain together a couple of different services. And so here I use um uh Imagine with Fal. And so there's a really good Fal model by RefNet V2, which is for background removal. And so then once I get a good style, so you can see I was kind of prompting in like an Airbnb like uh little house kind of cute style for like some of our designs on the storefront. And I can combine Imagine to get the design and then um background removal model to remove the background. And so you get really good transparent backgrounds. Um and this is something I've been using uh both
[03:32:06] Roshan: Oh, that is so cool.
[03:32:15] Lauren: for like icon design and every project that I have. So what we could do is like maybe we could get some of the bots um
[03:32:21] Roshan: Mhm.
[03:32:21] Lauren: in in like a PNG format here. I guess I'm a little like torn because like how are we going to animate the bots with a JavaScript-based animation framework if they're uh if they're PNGs, right? So like
[03:32:31] Roshan: Yeah. Uh I I almost feel like yeah you want them to be expressed as code or
[03:32:35] Lauren: Yeah, so should we should start in code? Maybe there's something about like you know we get we get it to build Can it build 3D models? And then we somehow render that as 2D.
[03:32:45] Roshan: Mhm.
[03:32:46] Lauren: Is that too complicated?
[03:32:47] Roshan: I don't think it's too complicated, but then we're not really using Imagine, right? Like Imagine could be just like hero assets maybe. Um or like stuff that goes on
[03:32:54] Lauren: Could Imagine actually make like different states of these, I guess?
[03:32:58] Roshan: Like a series of states.
[03:33:00] Lauren: Yeah, so like you know like kind of like a like a sprite sheet almost.
[03:33:03] Roshan: Yeah, we could probably make a sprite sheet.
[03:33:05] Lauren: That could be a That would be a simple way to do like 2D animations.
[03:33:08] Roshan: So do like sprite sheet and then use that to like move over to SVGs or something. Like I'm I'm because I think like
[03:33:13] Lauren: Like the animation could just be like swapping you know swapping between the the states like like a angry state, battle state, idle state, happy, you know?
[03:33:16] Roshan: Swapping the Yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I guess like my inclination is that the more we can keep it in code, like the the more flexibility we have with the states. So
[03:33:29] Lauren: Uh yeah.
[03:33:30] Roshan: I don't know. I'm down I'm down to try whatever.
[03:33:32] Lauren: Um I think yeah my sense is like let's keep the bots as uh code for now.
[03:33:37] Roshan: Sure.
[03:33:38] Lauren: And then only use Grok Imagine for the skills.
[03:33:40] Roshan: Okay, cool.
[03:33:41] Lauren: The ability icons.
[03:33:42] Roshan: Okay.
[03:33:42] Lauren: So you could have like really cool icons for like you know a Rizz skill ability or like that could be like a I don't know whatever the Grok Imagine comes up with.
[03:33:46] Roshan: Okay.
[03:33:51] Lauren: Um and I think that could be pretty interesting.
[03:33:56] Roshan: Okay, so what I'll do is I'll have like my chief of staff bot and I'll say like have uh cupcake enge talk uh to the Imagine bot and uh explain the repo we're working in or like our um
[03:34:03] Lauren: Cupcake enge I think
[03:34:12] Roshan: explain the game mechanics and then build some cool like I don't know skills uh skill icons using Imagine and uh remove the background. These need to be on brand. So use the existing design language. Cool. All right, we'll see what we'll I'll see what Imagine comes up with for that.
[03:34:49] Lauren: By the way, so you created cupcake enge with Dr. Eggbot.
[03:34:52] Roshan: Yeah.
[03:34:53] Lauren: Uh I'm curious what what did how did Dr. Eggbot make your cupcake enge? I think if you click on cupcake enge and the yeah and then click on the the icon at the top, yeah and you can you see the description.
[03:35:04] Roshan: Okay.
[03:35:05] Lauren: So the the description's actually pretty interesting uh cuz uh I don't know if this is common knowledge, but essentially the description's almost like the Well, some people call it like a soul or uh like a system prompt for the bot.
[03:35:17] Roshan: I had no idea.
[03:35:19] Lauren: But yeah it actually uh uh affects how the bot works. Um so um a lot of times when you're This is how Dr. Eggbot designs good bots. It's like it equips the bot with really good description. Uh you know like how what what voice to use when you're talking to the user. Um it looks like I added a ton of content uh in here. Um and uh I think it also has like Oh yeah Dr. Eggbot also specifies like one job so you know you you don't have a bot that tries to do everything. It's a specialist. Um so that's pretty pretty cool how it it set that up. I think I feel like this one is too specific.
[03:35:57] Roshan: Mhm.
[03:35:58] Lauren: And this is almost like a meta point here where I sometimes notice this happen with agents in general. Like when you create a skill or a rule or uh anything really, whenever that rule or skill change comes from a like a problem or like something that happened in that chat session, I find that agents tend to like to put all the details in that thing in that rule or skill. And then it makes the skill less reusable because it's like it's overfitted to that one scenario. And does that kind of make sense?
[03:36:33] Roshan: Mhm.
[03:36:34] Lauren: Uh it was like a lot it's a it was a a lot of inspiration for P-Stack.
[03:36:38] Roshan: I see.
[03:36:38] Lauren: Came from that like you know the principal skills came about in that where I saw the agent making a change and I was like why why are you saying like this thing just was only for this PR?
[03:36:48] Roshan: Yeah.
[03:36:48] Lauren: It's not a thing that's going to be
[03:36:50] Roshan: It's like locked into this like stale context and then
[03:36:51] Lauren: Yeah, and over time if you don't fix that, then you just get this your skill just becomes like this soup of examples that are no longer relevant and distracting. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So a lot of how I like to think about these changes are like how do we keep it durable, high level and
[03:37:05] Roshan: Okay. Yeah, and how do you do that like when you are building these agents?
[03:37:09] Lauren: Um just a lot of prompting. Yeah, prompting and observing. Either you like you got to like click into things and read them. Um that's the hard part I guess because AI produces so much text it's hard to read.
[03:37:10] Roshan: Okay. Okay. Okay, yeah yeah sure. I mean but this is helpful, right? Cuz now I know where to look like where some of these these details are coming from. One question I
[03:37:22] Lauren: Yeah yeah. Yeah. But I would even say like you could tell Dr. Eggbot hey the description you came up with for cupcake enge is way too specific. Can you read potato mode again and come up uh with like principles that cupcake enge should uh follow instead of these overly specific issues? Uh and actually while you do that, let me get a QR code for people to download Dr. Eggbot if you don't have it already. Cool. Dr. Eggbot is on it.
[03:38:03] Roshan: Nice. What is the uh does the label How does the label affect our bots? I've always wondered this.
[03:38:09] Lauren: Uh actually I believe it doesn't. Right now it's cosmetic.
[03:38:11] Roshan: Okay, cool.
[03:38:13] Lauren: Um uh but uh someone else can correct me on that cuz yeah it's it's been changed a little bit, but I think we we made it more cosmetic cuz the point of the label is like when you have a lot of bots that are you know you Well, some not everybody has like descriptive names like you do. Like for example, my bots are just all like food names. I have tater, mash, and hash brown. And if you forget, like it's helpful to have a label. So just remember like oh right tater's the engineer. Um and Steve is the chief of staff. Yeah.
[03:38:37] Roshan: Yeah, a label. Okay. I was I was always wondering that, so it's good to know. Dr. Eggbot is rewriting writing the the cupcake enge cupcake enge bot. There you go.
[03:38:50] Lauren: Nice and potato principles.
[03:38:52] Roshan: Potato principles.
[03:38:54] Lauren: Love that.
[03:38:55] Roshan: Cool. Well, I have the prototype running, which is great. Uh yes chat, it's live. Um what's your bot doing?
[03:39:13] Lauren: My bot?
[03:39:14] Roshan: Or your agent.
[03:39:14] Lauren: My agent. So these were like the Lander design prototypes. Um looks like we're having some issues. These are running in the cloud with the remote server there, so I might have to pull them down locally. Um and then I was doing some research on the uh animation frameworks. So it looks like um computer uses actually running the game, so we can kind of see cursor running the game and testing out the build emotion lab.
[03:39:33] Roshan: Oh nice. I think that Is that the older version?
[03:39:38] Lauren: It might be.
[03:39:38] Roshan: You might Yeah, you might want to tell it to like hey rebase rebase on trunk rebase on main, get the fresh changes.
[03:39:44] Lauren: All right, so we're going to ask it to rebase on main. Uh good good deal.
[03:39:48] Roshan: Yeah. Uh comment sicko. I love that one. So uh for those of you curious like what what the hell is is comment sicko? Comment sicko is a agent in P-Stack who is job is to uh kill comments. There's actually a story There's actually a story behind this. So like it's called the comment sicko because it's like inspired by sicko mode or sicko You know You know the the meme of the person like peering through the mirror like sicko haha.
[03:40:15] Lauren: Yeah yeah. Mhm. I see. So my idea was like inspired by you know a fellow colleague Paul who had created a sicko mode skill. I made a comment sicko who's gets fairly you know excited about deleting comments. And you might be wondering like who cares about comments and I've actually noticed that bots will often or agents in general will often use comments as like a crutch for explaining some kind of workaround
[03:40:46] Roshan: Mhm, yeah.
[03:40:47] Lauren: um instead of actually fixing the root cause. And I've noticed this on like our code base where over time you just get like a ton of comments and like a ton of workaround and you know you your app just becomes very unmaintainable. So uh that's the inspiration for the comment sicko. Uh always love uh when when I when when it gets spawned because if you if you ever click on it, you'll see it laugh like yes haha yes. Go and delete comments.
[03:40:50] Roshan: Yeah, our initial idea was we could kind of assemble a team, right?
[03:40:52] Lauren: It becomes like No, cuz it just occurred to me like we have a reroll team button.
[03:41:16] Roshan: Nice. Okay, so cupcake enge is now Uh just this already looks a lot cleaner. Um number one.
[03:41:22] Lauren: Oh right.
[03:41:22] Roshan: So high level context on uh our game studio, one job, owned engineering outcomes by orchestrating work through P-Stack potato mode and cloud agents then supervising and verifying. Um this is a little bit of AI slop, so we could probably clean clean some of these up uh match your playbook and follow it. This looks more aligned with some of the cupcake stuff, maybe a little bit more high level. Um what do you think, Lauren?
[03:41:46] Lauren: Uh I think it looks good. I mean it's kind of receding a bit of the potato mode stuff.
[03:41:51] Roshan: Yeah, so we could probably trim it.
[03:41:52] Lauren: But it's it's fine. I think this is I mean this is better than what it was before, so we can we can iterate.
[03:41:54] Roshan: Fine for now. Cool. You got the Lander running locally.
[03:42:03] Lauren: I do and I am actually doing a quick a few quick like layout tweaks here uh just to kind of do some cleanup.
[03:42:06] Roshan: Maybe we can cut to to Russian screen.
[03:42:08] Lauren: Yeah, let's let's see Russian.
[03:42:10] SPEAKER_02: Make the debug.
[03:42:11] Lauren: Uh what what are you thinking as you as you make these changes?
[03:42:13] Roshan: Yeah, so um basically what I was doing is I'm trying to go through the prototype end-to-end here and get it sort of feeling really like we could take this and like with a few clicks or a few config changes uh ship it. And so um a couple of things that are going through my head uh so I am starting off with um just kind of like running the app locally kind of using design mode as well. Um
[03:42:33] Lauren: By the way team, can we get Roshan screen up there?
[03:42:33] Roshan: I think. Yeah. Uh for those who are just joining, we're a game studio building a game along a 3-day journey of which I think we're halfway through. It's a bit scary to uh get something into production. We have a bunch of design and asset work going. We have um a core game loop that we're pretty excited about and a fun way to bring in some Grok bots. And um we're we're hanging out in San Francisco for 3 days at Grok Bot Galaxy right next to Dreamforce as well, so a lot of really fun uh conversations coming up including one just in a few minutes on Grok Bot for sales. Um but I think a couple of things we're going to work on off screen. We're going to keep cooking on some design work and a Lander that we really liked.
[03:42:35] Roshan: Oh yeah, we could get my screen on. That would be That would be great. Um
[03:42:37] Lauren: There you go. Yep, we see it.
[03:42:40] Roshan: Cool.
[03:42:40] Lauren: You might want to zoom in though.
[03:42:41] Roshan: Yeah, let me
[03:42:41] Lauren: Everything's so so tiny.
[03:42:43] Roshan: There we go. Um so yeah we have we have this working kind of like what you were seeing on Lauren's screen earlier. If you think I'm noticing is you know kind of going through my like how do we start to make this little more polished, right? So I started out um I'm going to refresh this year. Um so here we have like this sort of header looks like it should be actually pinned to the top of the um of the menu, so I have that getting pinned to the top uh with an agent working on it. This debug menu is obviously just for us right now, but we'll probably put it behind a feature flag at some point or something. And so uh
[03:42:59] Lauren: Mhm. Uh yeah I feel like we need to delete it because like if it's in the if it's a feature flag, then it's like a it's like a runtime check, which means the code has to live
[03:43:12] Roshan: Yeah, so I have it as a floating pill for now, so we can always see the time. Fair. in it The The code still will get shipped even if it And so like a hacker in the console could be like I'm going to tweak the the the the values.
[03:43:22] Lauren: Oh. That's fair.
[03:43:27] Roshan: And actually that's a good point as well for a competitive game. We actually want to make sure uh some a lot of the game matchmaking logic and the battling I guess are it's maybe server-driven. We don't have to do that now, but it's something to to think about for competitive games so that you know you don't have people just in the console. Let me make my stat 1 million, right? And and defeat your your character
[03:43:39] Lauren: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think that's a really good point. I'm also adding a feature here um where I want to be able to mint a new bot, which is something we talked about. Uh and then this copy is a little bit uh come on design mode.
[03:43:59] Roshan: Yep. Oh yeah, we could just Should we just delete that?
[03:44:08] Lauren: Yeah, actually let's just delete this. I agree. Delete this. Cool. Um and then I think for these guys I like the drag, I like the highlight, but there's some like interesting like See how the CSS kind of just clips like that.
[03:44:20] Roshan: Uh yeah, that's a good point.
[03:44:22] Lauren: So I'm going to see if I can try and fix that a little bit.
[03:44:25] Roshan: That might be hard too. Oh I guess you could draw on it.
[03:44:27] Lauren: I could try to draw on it and say something like when the card rotates, this number stays in front of it. It should be maybe on top of the
[03:44:39] Roshan: Oh I see what you mean. It should be like attached almost like attached to the card and rotate with the card.
[03:44:41] Lauren: Yeah. Right. Uh attached to the card rotating with it. And then these are running as sort of multi-pill multiple agents all at once, which is great, so I can kind of see all these changes hopefully as they
[03:44:55] Roshan: Mhm.
[03:44:57] Lauren: get deployed. And then I also think we need to improve a little bit of how we're showing the uh this the abilities down here. Like to me it's not really clear from this screen. Like you see a bunch of stats and then you see this like hustle decks and I'm not quite sure what that means. So maybe actually And just
[03:45:10] Roshan: By the way uh you mentioned uh multitask actually. I want to like go back to that real quick.
[03:45:14] Lauren: Yeah. Totally.
[03:45:17] Roshan: Um what is that? Yeah, so in cursor we have this multitask mode uh which is really cool. It basically means that we can ask the agent to do multiple things all at once. And particularly when making design changes like I do this all the time when I'm editing something you know with in our product where um you can tag a bunch of things that you want the agent to work on. And then actually click start multitasking, which I did a few seconds ago. And um we'll spin up a separate sub-agent that works on each one of these capabilities. And so um what this really does is just help me parallelize a bunch of work all at once. And I love it for design polish things cuz it's like I'm in my head being like fix this, change this, do that, do that. And I can just kind of get the agent to start thinking about all that once. So
[03:45:35] Lauren: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I totally agree. And actually that was something I I completely forgot to do when I was doing my changes earlier, so like I had I was just blocked by my one bot and doing doing you know uh so
[03:46:01] Roshan: Oh man. Oh man. Okay, well this is this is now fixed, but that this is now needs to be fuller height.
[03:46:09] Lauren: I think why not let's just tell the bot to kind of delete this container. Does that make sense? So that the
[03:46:13] Roshan: Mhm. Mhm.
[03:46:15] Lauren: everything else just over laid on Like this doesn't need a container around it.
[03:46:18] Roshan: Yeah, I agree I agree.
[03:46:22] Lauren: Uh and then what's up with the cupcake logo like and what is going on there? It almost looks like a bot that's fallen over. We have a design bot leaning to I'll check in on my bot and see what's cooking.
[03:46:26] Roshan: Yeah. Where's our Where's our design? Do we have a Do we have a good design for a logo? Yeah yeah. Yeah.
[03:46:40] SPEAKER_02: We got some Got some images are generating according to according to my bot here.
[03:46:43] Roshan: Yeah.
[03:46:43] Lauren: We may need to start thinking of a name at some point. Maybe it's not that important now. It's just a It's just our code name for this bot.
[03:46:44] SPEAKER_02: I do have a uh a little Lander potentially if we want to show that.
[03:46:47] Roshan: Yeah. We're getting close to a name.
[03:46:47] Roshan: Oh cool. Okay yeah, can we go to Matt? There we go. So this is This is really nice. So we got the cards with the shimmer. Um and what I've been doing here is I've just been I went uh Grok 46 low effort fast. And that's like my favorite uh combination for using design mode cuz then I can just like kind of rip on some of these things that I don't like. So you know the header was like a little too bold and close together. We we made it a little bit more sparse. I still don't like some of this language, right? Um
[03:46:51] Lauren: Oh that is cute. Yeah yeah. Mhm.
[03:47:16] Roshan: some of this is just kind of like I'm picking things that don't make sense to me. Like it it used prototyping language in the Lander, which obviously we don't want. But then even things like um hey you know like these were It gave me like fictional bots, but I was like oh just actually look at the bot marketplace and then find me some better bots that are actually on the marketplace. So we got Dr. Eggbot, Tradbot from I believe Clervo, uh Clervo, Clervo, overheard, and a few others. Um and then one thing I noticed AI does a ton is it'll like take something
[03:47:37] Lauren: Mhm.
[03:47:42] Roshan: super specific about like what you're building and be like oh I'm going to just like show this to everybody. Like
[03:47:44] Lauren: Yeah.
[03:47:48] Roshan: bro what is this? Like I don't I I don't want to see that on my landing page. So I need to think through at a higher level like
[03:47:50] Lauren: Yeah.
[03:47:54] Roshan: what is this game? Like what it why is it fun? Why should you play it? And I don't think that that's like some crazy like uh stat
[03:48:02] Lauren: I have I have a bit of a contrarian take which is like do we need a Lander page um in that I mean it's cool that you have one, but we we already have the sign-in screen. I think I think that what you're highlighting though is like the how it works part and like maybe
[03:48:09] Roshan: Cool. Sure. I mean we can drop the uh like You know what I mean like there's a the the screen that I had in my mockup uh was like you would just you'd just come to the page and the first thing you'd see is sign in with X.
[03:48:27] Lauren: Sure.
[03:48:28] Roshan: And now that I'm thinking about it like why why would you sign? So maybe there's something about like a guide or even a mini tutorial thing.
[03:48:30] Lauren: Okay. Okay. Sure. Yeah, maybe there's like an interactive tutorial.
[03:48:38] Roshan: I I kind of like the Lander though. I like that there's sort of a home. Like you know if we're if we're building this as like a an app, there's sort of a you you land somewhere and then you kind of click in and you get into the actual game experience. But maybe there's like other fun stuff we could add to this over time too. Like you know if we have a pricing page one day or
[03:48:51] Lauren: Yeah, maybe I think just more like in terms of reducing friction cuz like I want you know the the players just drop into the game and
[03:48:54] Roshan: Yeah. It also It also makes it simpler, which is better. So I just love how this looks. It's like so
[03:49:01] SPEAKER_02: I do like the cards here for now.
[03:49:01] Lauren: It really doesn't take some inspiration from this though.
[03:49:03] Roshan: Yeah, we can keep I I think we should definitely keep this like little card collection here. Uh I mean if there's nothing else that comes away from this, honestly most of the rest of this isn't like
[03:49:07] Lauren: Mhm. Yeah, it's just fluff right now like all this
[03:49:12] Roshan: But I think I think like this
[03:49:13] Lauren: We can just do the top part as like it's own little image. Could be cool. We just show the cupcake all the way up to the yellow bar and we just keep that.
[03:49:16] Roshan: Yeah. Mhm.
[03:49:19] Lauren: That could be really cool just
[03:49:20] Roshan: What is that how it works button or link to?
[03:49:24] Lauren: Nice.
[03:49:25] Roshan: Oh it just It just scrolls down.
[03:49:27] Lauren: This is a EO. Uh Yeah no honestly this is my favorite part and I love like these little bot I I actually quite like the design language here. Like I don't know what where Like these look kind of good to me um honestly. Uh
[03:49:38] Roshan: Yeah.
[03:49:39] Lauren: all things considered. We could tweak the eyes a little bit, but um yeah. I like this this card stack, I guess.
[03:49:46] Roshan: Mhm. Cool. Okay, so maybe I just like keep this part and we we
[03:49:51] Lauren: Yeah, I think we should keep the hero part of the Lander and then just like a big play button that's just like play. And I think that's where you get into the login X flow. And that way we at least have like a nice place where they're not The The first thing you're seeing is just a login cuz that also feels like it could create some friction.
[03:50:02] Roshan: Mhm.
[03:50:05] Lauren: Um that might be a good in between, so cool.
[03:50:09] Roshan: I'm curious to watch you prompt this uh Matt and kind of learn from higher prompting.
[03:50:09] Lauren: Um So if you want to just quickly jump to my screen for like a few seconds uh while Matt's getting that ready, uh I I mentioned uh a QR code for Dr. Eggbot so you can uh get your phones out and uh put put this Grok Bot link in. And if you have the Grok Bot app installed, it should prompt you to Uh it'll open the app and let you install Dr. Eggbot. Um I'm but uh yeah you can you can download Dr. Eggbot and add them to your roster and get them to take a look at your bots and improve their prompts. Uh and it also does like a health check, so pretty nice to have.
[03:50:55] Roshan: Awesome. And yeah you can There are a ton of bots out there too, so Dr. Eggbot is one of our fan favorites here that we've been using this entire time, but like a ton of really cool bots out there too depending on your role, what you work on.
[03:50:59] Lauren: Yes, of course. Yeah.
[03:51:06] Roshan: Uh and yeah hopefully many more to come there, so.
[03:51:09] Lauren: How's the progress on the on the prompt?
[03:51:12] Roshan: Uh I'm pushing my changes into main. I'm just checkpointing as I go. Uh so that way if if you guys are also editing, we can we can pull latest. But I got some of the alignment issues fixed, which I'm pretty excited about. Um we still need a logo, so I'm looking to that design folder over here.
[03:51:15] Lauren: Yeah. All right, we're we're checking on And okay we got These are not good, so we're
[03:51:27] Roshan: I feel like I'm asking Matt to multitask. I'm going to multitask mode for Matt.
[03:51:32] Lauren: Should we like take a quick second to talk about our like how we want to split up the work? And also I think we have maybe under 10 minutes left. So uh maybe we'll think about like how we split the rest of the work. And then during the break we can go off and work on this a little bit more.
[03:51:47] Roshan: Yeah, I think that's a good idea. Um I what I really want to spend some time on is just getting like the core prototype built end-to-end cuz what I really like to get to is a point where we have a prototype in main that we all feel kind of good about. And then we have the scaffolding where all of us could just go independently build features and then just get our bots to help reconcile the differences on them. Um and so what I'd like to get to I think we need to implement the auth system too and I'm happy to work on that or did you already
[03:51:54] Lauren: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think what I I was thinking like I maybe I could work on the auth.
[03:52:13] Roshan: Okay.
[03:52:14] Lauren: And then cuz like I agree with you. I think it'd be really good to like maybe that's the three of us for now. Like we'll sign in and actually just fight each other
[03:52:19] Roshan: Yeah. We should Yeah, we should play this a bunch. Yeah.
[03:52:22] Lauren: and then we can actually play. Cuz I think like play testing is like a important part, so I can work on the auth.
[03:52:26] Roshan: Right. Mhm.
[03:52:28] Lauren: Uh and then Matt what do you What would you like to work on?
[03:52:30] Roshan: So we got to get um I think assets. We need some assets, so we can generate some of those. Uh there's some other fun stuff I think we could work on there, but maybe some design like what the actual You were talking about like a mini tutorial. I think that sounds fun, so.
[03:52:41] Lauren: Yeah, mini tutorial and I think like the abilities should have some cooler icons so they're not just text. Cuz right now we just have like Rizz ability
[03:52:49] Roshan: Yeah.
[03:52:50] Lauren: That's not the most exciting thing.
[03:52:51] Roshan: Rizz ability.
[03:52:52] Lauren: Yeah uh the ability Yeah kind of cleaning up that core loop, I think that will be really cool. Um maybe we spend some time kind of like designing that out together, so we're we're really really aligned.
[03:52:57] Roshan: Yeah. So Um I also think the part where we have round one, round two, round three now like if you see on my what I what I'm showing on my screen, we have the sort of um we haven't fully implemented this like the main game loop. Uh and so I think it'd be great if we also spend some time on that and I can I can take that as well. But basically right now we just show round one and then we kind of make you click through the whole experience, which is not not super great, so um
[03:53:12] Lauren: Mhm. Mhm.
[03:53:24] Roshan: but it's funny. Every time I play this I I lose and my Elo score goes down, so we have that going.
[03:53:28] Lauren: How's your Elo now?
[03:53:29] Roshan: Uh let's see. Let's see what it is after this one. Okay, I'm at 1258. That's pretty good.
[03:53:34] Lauren: 1258 Oh, you won.
[03:53:35] Roshan: Yeah. I won this one.
[03:53:36] Lauren: Oh nice.
[03:53:37] Roshan: As soon as you started watching, I won. Oh yeah. I mean like the core of This feels pretty good if I just click click click. And you can see that the Elo's persistent, so that's nice. I like this. Um
[03:53:47] Lauren: Yeah, I think the the part that we'll need to really get right is the the player feel.
[03:53:54] Roshan: Yeah.
[03:53:54] Lauren: So I think like nailing the animations are going to be really important because you know at the end of the day like right now our mechanics are not very complicated. It's just like Grok More or less rock paper scissors or some numbers.
[03:54:03] Roshan: Yeah.
[03:54:06] Lauren: I think we can add more systems later once we get the core loop in.
[03:54:08] Roshan: Yeah.
[03:54:10] Lauren: Uh but uh it would be nice for it to have be more like visually engaging. You know like some somehow just show like what's happening.
[03:54:19] Roshan: Like right you mean this part, right? Where we're seeing
[03:54:21] Lauren: Yeah, cuz right now we're just showing round one and we need to least see like who like what happened I guess.
[03:54:25] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and so I think this is where we'd I really like your mockups and I think if we can come up with like that that animation of how they how they behave.
[03:54:33] Lauren: Yeah.
[03:54:34] Roshan: Um cool. Okay. So yeah I think we have a bunch of things to work on, right?
[03:54:39] Lauren: Yeah yeah.
[03:54:40] Roshan: I'm cleaning
[03:54:40] Lauren: Uh what about some So we we've been talking a lot about the game. What about all the other parts of running the business?
[03:54:44] Roshan: Yeah. All the other parts of running the business.
[03:54:47] Lauren: Should we also kick off some bots before the break?
[03:54:51] Roshan: Yeah, we could.
[03:54:51] Lauren: To to work on them like you know like GTM thing, business thing. Cuz like one thing we were talking about were this like ads from advertising.
[03:54:54] Roshan: Yes. So people Yeah. So I think about running some ads.
[03:55:01] Lauren: I don't know maybe That could be interesting. Like maybe cuz right now like the the bots are just battling in like in outer space, but if interesting if there was like
[03:55:02] Roshan: So we need SEO things like that.
[03:55:10] Lauren: a stadium.
[03:55:11] Roshan: Uh yeah yeah selling ads, right?
[03:55:12] Lauren: Like yeah and then you can have like little banners or something.
[03:55:15] Roshan: Yeah. So maybe
[03:55:16] Lauren: Non-intrusive, not not not obnoxious. We'll try to
[03:55:19] Roshan: Some sort of like ad marketplace maybe, so like where people can bid perhaps and then we like figure out a way to like
[03:55:22] Lauren: All right.
[03:55:25] Roshan: have us moderate the companies that are like applying to have ads or something like that. Um
[03:55:27] Lauren: Yeah. How are we going to get the companies?
[03:55:31] Roshan: I mean we got a stream, right?
[03:55:33] Lauren: Yeah hopefully we have some people afford to give us some ad ad money.
[03:55:34] Roshan: We have some friends. Um okay cool. Yeah no I can take that. We can start thinking about like the stadium and and how we're going to get ads there.
[03:55:42] Lauren: Yeah. I also want to start thinking about the like the game server
[03:55:46] Roshan: Mhm.
[03:55:47] Lauren: like what I was mentioning you know not allowing people to cheat. I don't know if we need to build it right now, but I'm starting to think about it. Um and then doing handling auth. Like I can take those pieces.
[03:55:58] Roshan: Nice. Cool. Sounds like we got a lot of a lot of stuff going on. Yeah, I'm just doing a little bit of cleanup of our nav bar a little bit. Um so we have this logout button which I think is good. Okay it looks like my agent is taking over. This is really cool too where I can tell the agent to to make some changes and then in cursor uh it sort of takes control. You can see that it's it's asking me if I want to take control here. But the way the agent verifies its output is it just runs itself to the entire loop. So you know if you're building or prototyping things, this is really powerful. Like agents do a lot better when um they can verify their output. And then earlier we showed you or I or I talked about multitasking. Now I can show it to you, so you can see that I have a cute prompt here to add a badge to our tier system so that platinum, diamond, etc. come with a little bit of color. And so I can just hit this button to say start multitasking. And then you know the cursor agents will automatically jump in and will start kind of built building multiple tasks in parallel. I could also just send the prompt now if I wanted to interrupt the agent kind of steer it. uh and so those are both options you kind of pick pick whichever one makes sense.
[03:57:01] Lauren: Mhm. Cool cool cool. So it looks like we're working there. I still think this captain flow is not perfect.
[03:57:09] Roshan: Yeah. Well uh what do you mean Oh yeah that's that's good.
[03:57:12] Lauren: This season never got fixed. That was I like that. Yeah.
[03:57:15] Roshan: Uh we need to fix this one too.
[03:57:18] Lauren: I'm also wondering about like I guess maybe we can start iterating a bit on the mechanics. Do you think like the random bot thing makes sense?
[03:57:34] Roshan: Yeah, I think about that.
[03:57:35] Lauren: Like what Why wouldn't I just spam that button until I got three legendary You know what I mean like
[03:57:40] Roshan: I think we I think we should get rid of that feature.
[03:57:42] Lauren: Like no rerolls.
[03:57:43] Roshan: I think you once you assemble your team, it's your team and you kind of right?
[03:57:47] Lauren: What if like in this screen we just didn't show which which bots you got?
[03:57:51] Roshan: Oh, so it's blind. So it's almost like blind maybe.
[03:57:53] Lauren: You pick your captain and you get two blind bots. Okay, that could work. Yeah yeah.
[03:57:59] Roshan: And then you can reroll I suppose.
[03:58:01] Lauren: Yeah.
[03:58:02] Roshan: Uh and uh yeah drag and drop.
[03:58:07] Lauren: Yeah, I'm going to just also do some visual tweaks there. And what were we saying? So for reroll maybe we um
[03:58:12] Roshan: I think we should just get rid of the Oh no maybe Yeah I think we can keep the reroll button, but make the make these bots the non-player selected bots hidden first. Um and I think we only have about 2 minutes left, so let's quickly uh wrap up and talk about um what we'll do next.
[03:58:36] Lauren: Cool. Let me fire off this last prompt. Um multitasking is happening. We have uh we're pushing directly to main.
[03:58:51] Lauren: Yeah. Yep. Mhm.
[03:59:20] Roshan: We're going to improve the core game loop. We're going to add authentication to our service so we can put it out to the wild. We'll do a bunch of play testing. And we'll be back in 45 minutes to an hour or so and hopefully show you guys a bunch of progress.
[03:59:31] Lauren: Yeah, there you go.
[03:59:32] Roshan: Yeah.
[03:59:33] Lauren: All right.
[03:59:33] Roshan: It's fun. With that, let's kick over to the main stage for Grok Bot for sales.
[03:59:59] Crystal: Oh, hi
[04:00:00] Crystal: joining today's workshop on Grok Bot for sales. My name's Krista Letts. I'm on the go-to-market team here at xAI.
[04:00:08] Mark Wright: And I'm Mark Wright, on the same go-to-market team at xAI, and excited to share with you Grok Bot for sales, uh something near and dear to all of our hearts here. Uh getting into it, we'll talk about the agenda. We're going to be introducing Grok Bot or reintroducing to some of you here today. Why Grok Bot spoken for sales and in the marketplace? Uh some sales use cases and Krista will take us through how she's using it and demo it. Uh and then what we learned, we'll have time for Q&A and then hands-on session together as well. All right, a little bit about the AI maturity curve and where Grok Bot fits in today. I think as you all know, it's evolving very rapidly. Just a couple years ago, we were simply using chat to ask and get feedback, you know, ask a question, get a response, and then quickly evolve into task-based where I'd say maybe clean up my my files on my computer and then come back and ask for the next direction. But now we're really doing, you know, bots and agents delegating full tasks or work streams. And so now you can simply say things like build me pipeline, get me a meeting with X company, and it'll simply go do that. And we really believe the future of where Grok Bot and this is going is having more of a staff function. So having a team of bots that focus on a specific set of opportunities and tasks and then having them work together to essentially solve what you're looking for, specifically in the sales function as well. In comes Grok Bot. Hopefully it's not the first time you've seen this, but excited to re-share it with you. One thing you'll notice rather quickly, looks very simple, looks like iMessage, easy to message and chat with and and figure out what to do. You can create bots for different jobs. That's highly recommended. Whatever their specialty is, you should create them and you know, the memory aspect of these bots are really incredible. So things you've told to it at the very beginning, you know, one recommendation is always to tell a lot about yourself, your functionality, log in the same way you would into different applications so that I can then start to take over a lot of the work, the mundane work that you have been doing repetitively for days on end and get it to to go out and start to accomplish some of those. One thing we'll get into as well is setting up automations and routines and skills, ensuring that they can simply, you know, take this work when you're not there and effectively, you know, work work on your behalf as well. And then lastly, you can easily share bots and templates across to each other. It's actually something that we saw internally at xAI. Krista has been a power user for some time and she's actually shared out you know, templates to the rest of the team so that we can effectively get moving on Grok Bot much faster as well. Why Grok Bot? As we know, there's a lot of different things in the marketplace, but Grok Bot is really, you know, taking the world by storm at the moment. And here's a few things why that's the case. I mentioned we're meeting people where they are. Everyone knows how to type an iMessage and so we make Grok Bot feel much the same functionality as such as well. So you can simply just type away and go from there. No longer do you need to you know, keep your laptop just a little bit open and keep it on for the bots to work. It has its own computer, its own VM working 24/7 when you're not able to work. It uses the tools just like you do. So it has access to what you as a user have access to and be able to go do that work. And and as mentioned at the beginning, no longer do you have to, you know, really hand hold it. The future is now, you know, sharing an objective, something that needs to be accomplished, right? Whether it's generate the pipeline and or you know, going through and and getting a meeting with a company, it's going to go out and figure out the best way to do that. And then you can obviously share share the work to to move more quickly. All right, the exciting part. You know, what are some real life example use cases that we're seeing today internally at xAI as well as with our customers around the globe. Pipeline, pipeline, pipeline. I'm sure that's near and dear to everyone here within sales. How do we generate that? We'll talk through a little bit how we're using Grok Bot to do so rather than, you know, spending all your time, you know, looking through, identifying the right contacts and sending out. We as sales folks get a lot of questions that are really engineering specific and sometimes we can't always answer those and and you know, the the key here is not to always have to bug your sales engineer or engineering partner. Now Grok Bot can actually have that knowledge so that you can just simply bug your Grok Bot in this instance. Echo is one really exciting one I think Krista will take us through and it's, you know, how to really live understand the the call and be able to, you know, offer in some of those insights within it. Chief of staff is one you guys probably all seen kind of, you know, having a starting point and and working through your bots from there. And then lastly, like forecasting, we all have to do it. It's all used to be a manual process and now with Grok Bot in your systems, you can simply, you know, one click or have it automated as routine to move forward from there. So with that, Krista, I'll turn it over to you to introduce us to your team.
[04:05:33] Crystal: Yeah, so before I demo, I wanted to introduce you to my team of bots. So first I have Olive. I like that you can customize these agents. So Olive is my dog. She kind of handles my day-to-day. PG is outbound prospecting. As you mentioned, pipeline is key. Echo is one I created that was really popular where I, you know, want to ensure that I leave a discovery call with something like around next steps, you know, discuss the actual use cases the customer discussed with me. So you can easily update a deck just by stopping a granola recording and Bot will update those slides based on what the customer said during the meeting. Uh and then just like a customer expert, I work with a few strategic customers. So it helps me stay on top of usage before renewals, any product signals if they're, you know, trying a new product within xAI. I can track Slack threads. I'm sure everyone's Slacks are very noisy lately. So it can track any key items related to the customer. Something I really love is like I have a lot of feature requests that customers raise. So when we ship our change log, it can actually pull up feature requests that the customer asked for maybe a month ago that I would have forgotten about and be like, hey, we just shipped this change log, we reached out to this customer who asked for this feature. Kind of feels like we built the feature request for them. And then the engineer as you mentioned, I like to think my bots like how I would work with colleagues. So if I would Slack an engineer or maybe Slack a BDR for something, now you can have bots that go and handle this work on their own. So I can share a quick demo. Let me share my screen. So as I mentioned, I have my team of bots here. Olive is my chief of staff. So she can prep me for my meetings in the morning. So if you're on the bus to the office, I feel like for me, that's like my most anxiety prone time is like when I'm not at my laptop, but I still need to get work done and I have like Slacks and emails flowing in. So you can prep me for my day, prep me for my 9:00 a.m. meetings. And then also like reply to emails for me. So you can see this just has this email card. You know, maybe I got a note from my customer who was asking for a one pager. It will go ahead and draft that for me. I can make any changes here and then just send the email or discard or change it. So that's my chief of staff. They also have routines so you can run like a morning inbox scan, you can run this like a couple times a day. I think a tip for usage as well to ensure you're using using your tokens in a responsible manner is I actually run less routines. I usually like run a routine once or twice a day. Otherwise I find it really noisy. But I'll set up routines for my chief of staff to let me know anything coming through my inbox. I had Echo that we talked about earlier. So you can see I had a couple calls today. These are demo notes, but it can it can actually update these slides based on what calls I had. I can even ask it like hey, can you translate this slide to Japanese? I work with a lot of international customers, so it's nice to be able to translate slides on the fly. So it'll go off and work on this. Next I have PG which I think is top of mind for anyone in sales. So you can have your PG agent. What I have to is it will based on my PG skill which is available in the marketplace, you can run a agent to go and pick five accounts in your book. It'll pull that from Salesforce. It might look at like intent data like what are the best fits or you can actually give it those accounts to run. So you can do five accounts, you can do 100 accounts. I do five and then I have it pick five contacts. And instead of just like basic company data like hey, your company raised funding, like they're probably getting the same outreach from 1,000 companies right now. I like that it will pull like like personal hooks. So say the CTO posted on X about you know, building a software factory with his team or the CEO posted about like a new product they're launching. You can have it actually pull those personal hooks and then shape messaging not only the company but the person. What I found with other AI tools is it would pull like out of date data or just like things that weren't like personally appealing. I think everyone has AI now. Everyone can see like basic company events, but pulling actual social data I think is really important. So I would highly recommend connecting with the X API. I always talk about this, but I think X is like where a lot of leaders and companies post. You probably saw the Apple CEO just joined X. So it's a great way to like stay on top of recent company news and disconnect with all of your executives at the account. So it'll create this sheet filled with personal hooks, intent data like company growth, maybe job openings, anything that you would like it to pull essentially. It can rank contacts by like who they recommend that you reach out to. It pulled like some podcasts and webinars and your agent can actually watch these podcasts and webinars. So I think before I had Grok Bot, I would like try to listen to a few webinars or podcasts on my way to the office, but it just wasn't scalable to listen to a 45-minute webinar and then try to find a you know, hook or blurb where the CTO or CEO, whoever you're working with, mentioned something that would be relevant for what you're trying to partner with them on. So it can watch these webinars and pull out actual quotes or things that relate to how your business would help them and then put together messaging. And then you can draft it in your Gmail, you can have it like create like a card like this and edit them. And something I do before I send all of this is I have Grok Bot scan your Gmail, your Slack or even your X. Like give it writing that you're proud of and it will know your writing style and know your voice. I'm very picky that things sound like me when I write. I don't like the generic, you know, LM type style writing. So I think to like deslop that a little bit is to make sure that it understands your writing style. So that's my PG bot. I've booked a lot more meetings with executive buyers just because I really understand the things that are important to them based on what they posted about. I don't know, does anyone enjoy updating Salesforce uh next steps or pipeline? Probably not. Oh, you do? Okay, I have one person who enjoys updating Salesforce. Oh, no no no. Okay, perfect. So this is like one of my favorite things because it'll actually listen to my granola and gong calls and it'll pull out relevant contacts people to update next steps. I even gave it like the format I wanted, like my initials, the date, customer outcomes, what are next steps, and you can give it the format and then it'll pull those details from your emails, from your Slack, from your granola, from your gong and update those for you and then you can like review it and then push to Salesforce uh which is really powerful powerful. I talked about this a little bit earlier, but I have a few strategic customers. So my job is to really know these customers in and out. A lot of times I work across different departments. I have multiple Slack channels, maybe internal channels, external channels, maybe they're emailing me or other members of my team. So I work with Notion as my database for my customer expert. So after every call, it will update Notion on the account plan, any signals, maybe I have a renewal coming up, who are the stakeholders I need to reach out to, what were the calls we've had, what projects are we working on. So it'll automatically update this account plan in Notion. It will kind of detail the next steps. I can pull any usage data here. For this example, I asked for like what the top 20 power users are so my team and I can reach out, get their feedback prior to the renewal or maybe we're shipping like a, you know, new feature that they'd like to try out. Uh you can see that there was like a, you know, a a customer question and a Slack channel. So it'll, you know, kind of ping me when things are top of mind or I need to action on things. So I found that really valuable just spending more time with customers, not spending time like searching through Notion, asking an engineer a question. And on that note, I have an engineer. It's connected to the code the codebase. So when I'm live on a call instead of, you know, needing to get back to somebody, I can just ask a question live on a call. Like one example is we work with customers to set up cloud agents a lot. So I could ask like, hey, can you send me a customer facing answer on how to set up cloud agents? Also send me a few outcomes that amplitude and fair achieved. So like maybe for this question, I would have had to like talk to an engineer or bring an engineer on the call to help walk the customer through setting up cloud agents. And then maybe I would have had to like talk to the amplitude and fair account managers and understand like how they're leveraging cloud agents or talk to those customers myself. But it'll pull that customer or that response from a codebase. A lot of times I paste this in Slack so it kind of already knows how I work and like shares with me like a paste ready version I can share. But it gives me all the steps to set up cloud agents. And then it also shows customer outcomes, like how have we worked with other customers to set up cloud agents and what are the outcomes achieved. So I use this a lot. And then just like pulling contact. I think like the most powerful thing for me is just like actually watching content and doing things. I like to think of Grok Bot like not just like as a thinking partner or like a research partner, actually a doing partner. So I could have it, you know, watch a customer webinar with a CEO and be like, okay, based on this webinar, draft me an outreach messaging or put together messaging for my CEO to reach out to the CEO and set up a meeting to talk about their three key objectives and how it relates to what we can do for their business. So when I first started working with Grok Bot, I think I mistakenly started using it as I would like a chat interface. So I was like, hey, go and do this research. And then it actually gave me the links to go and watch these webinars myself. But I kind of pushed back. I was like, hey, no, go watch those webinars for me and draft an email for me. So I think you have to change your mindset with how you work with these. Like think of them like colleagues who have their own computers, they can work overnight and they can do these things for you. So a lot of times when I'm prospecting, I will just have my prospecting bot work overnight on like a very long list and then just have all the emails ready to go for me in the morning. And then I think every day I like to add like, you know, 20% more and be like, okay, well you drafted these email responses, that's great. We'll go and draft like LinkedIn responses or go find 10 other people to reach out to. So you can kind of build upon your bots as you continue to use them. I also use Grok Bot a lot for travel and expense. I'm sure we all do. Also expenses are not fun. So you can find like star link flights which is helpful. And then I use Xbot a ton. So this is connected to the X API. As I mentioned, like I found just like LinkedIn is a pretty out of date with company information and you can kind of dig and find like who you can you can reach out to. And then I also just like learn it like use Grok Bot for learning. So if you're like researching like a new topic like one I like to like think about is like SpaceX or maybe it's like learning about or like a topic like I want to research new restaurants or something. But you can just like pull up a new chat and research restaurants to reach out to. But you know, these are one of my favorite things. You can ask it to be like, hey, can you watch the most recent webinar with Roman around Grok Bot on Lenny's podcast.
[04:18:34] Mark Wright: Yeah, I think we have a lot of Grok Bot actually watching this as well.
[04:18:37] Crystal: Yes, yeah, there's probably Grok Bot live. So it'll go off and watch any live Grok Bot webinars.
[04:18:47] Mark Wright: Yeah, and Krista, I want to hit on one thing on the engineer piece, the engineer one. This has been impactful for me as well in terms of like speeding up my deals. How many times we all been there where it's like, oh yeah, let me find the answer and get back to you. But now with the engineer bot, we've been able to like quickly get those answers, answer them on the call and really speed up the next steps and an opportunity. And that one I highly recommend is really impactful for for us in the organization as well.
[04:19:13] Crystal: Perfect. I think that's all I had planned for today. Happy to go through any questions, happy to go through any demo items. But we'd love to, you know, chat more. We'll kind of finish up with what we learned today and then we'll open up for questions at the end.
[04:19:29] Mark Wright: Sure, if you want to switch back there.
[04:19:32] Crystal: Perfect.
[04:19:35] Mark Wright: Great. So a few tips and tricks kind of what we learned today looking at that as well as overall. The biggest thing we talk about with our customers is really connect your stack. Like look at what you use in your day-to-day operations and get those connected directly in Grok Bot. That's really going to help you speed up the time to value here and it's really impactful in terms of you know, getting those aha moments early and starting to really you know, work within Grok Bot. One thing we've talked about too, whether you use like a chief of staff to delegate down or Grok Bot by Grok Bot, you know, have one bot with one job. Like this is your focus and Krista showed a great example. Like we have engineer, we have pipeline generation, travel and expense. Have them be an expert in that field. These are your team members that you're onboarding. Have them be an expert and give them all the relevant information materials to be great at that at that job. And then another one is work on the routine. Some people use them more regularly and some people don't. I frankly like the automations and routines. Kind of like run for pay, like set it and forget it, have it do the work and you know, come back to meet with anything necessary. And that's a good way to make sure that it's always working and doing the the tasks needed. So three tips to take you forward on your Grok Bot journey after this. But it would be great to open up the floor to any questions you may have for Krista and myself. Sure.
[04:21:34] Crystal: I think it depends how you're using it. Like there's ways to reduce your amount of usage which is like running less routines a day. I think we had one example where someone actually put like a routine for every 15 minutes. So those are like ways to reduce your usage. I personally don't use routines a lot because I find them too noisy. So I just run them once or twice a day. And I think another way to save on token consumption is I personally like work with my specialized bots and I feel like if I use my chief of staff, we I didn't show this today, but your chief of staff can orchestrate other bots. So if I'm working on like a deck, it'll call like the, you know, deck designer or maybe working with a customer, it'll like call that like customer bot and like pull the account data. I personally like to work with like my specialized bots and I found that reduces tokens as well. But it's highly personalized to like what use cases you're leveraging. Another tip is I use computer use if like there's not like a good MCP available. I think like we most of us work in sales and I've just found like a lot of the sales tools we have don't have great MCPs. But I would save the computer use for if there isn't an MCP available already. Thankfully we shipped a lot of MCPs out of the box. Like I think, you know, we shipped a gong, granola, Salesforce and more. So use the MCP MCPs when you can and save computer use for when you need it.
[04:23:01] Mark Wright: Great point. Just to add like I'm probably the opposite where I'm like chief of staff routines. So perhaps my my my spend is is certainly higher. But one thing I make sure to do is like ask Grok Bot for optimization tips, right? It's a great way to go there and say like look like figure out a way to be able to optimize some of our workflows here and what's the best way to, you know, save money. The fact that we leverage first party models and a lot of these things really helps reduce that cost anyway. Thanks.
[04:23:30] SPEAKER_02: You hear me? Oh yeah.
[04:23:32] Crystal: Yes.
[04:23:33] SPEAKER_02: What do you think is a good hack in order to maintain a really good knowledge space like connected to Notion, granola ask to download Obsidian and manage an Obsidian account or I mean what it would be a good hack if you get bigger and bigger knowledge space.
[04:23:56] Crystal: Yeah.
[04:23:56] Mark Wright: Start that. I mean I think I think if I understood correctly like the the we meet where you are, right? Like what are you using internally within your company and where does that knowledge sit? That's typically the best way to be able to quickly get access and start to work through these things quickly. For us, I feel like everything lives in Notion and Slack. And so connecting those two has been really the the unlock for our company in order to like hack if you will a way to move quickly.
[04:24:22] Crystal: Yeah, obviously we we use Salesforce. So Salesforce has been like a like a source of truth. But I think I see Grok Bot as like an orchestration layer of all of those tools. So whenever I need data like I can pull it from Grok Bot. So whether it needs to go to Databricks or Salesforce or Notion or Slack, I don't think anyone any company is good at maintaining data and having it in one place. Usually at least before I had Grok Bot, it was like, oh great, you want this data, like go to Databricks. Oh, you want this data, go to Salesforce. Or this is a Notion. Or no, someone just posted in Slack the other day. So it's so it's like really impossible I think especially for a very Slack heavy companies to stay on top of where data lives or when something changed. So I think Grok Bot is like a really great outer layer of pulling that information wherever it lives, whether it's Notion or Salesforce, Slack or anything.
[04:25:24] Mark Wright: Delegate tasks to cursor or do you have to tell it to hey, this is what I want and then go build with cursor.
[04:25:31] Crystal: Yeah, you can tell Grok Bot to spin off cloud agents. Uh so you would just have your cursor account connected, but if you're like, hey, go spin off cloud agents and cursor, you would just tell the bot to do it in natural language.
[04:25:42] Mark Wright: Right, thank you.
[04:25:42] SPEAKER_02: Yeah. Um we got one question from X. There's some confusion on when to use a specialist bot. So the question is would you set up a bot for a major client or would you create an expert that handles all of your client?
[04:26:04] Crystal: I think this is preference. I think I even asked my Grok Bot the other day I was about to spin up a new bot and I was like, hey, like should I keep these bots separate or should I move it all to one space? So I personally have bots for each my strategic customers, but I only work across a couple where I know other AEs at other companies or even at xAI work across hundreds of customers. So I think it's preference, but what would you recommend?
[04:26:32] Mark Wright: Yeah, absolutely preference there. And the way I do it is somewhat similar but different where um I've got bots that are delegated to these customers which is looking at their intent, you know, kind of taking the notes from our previous calls and able to kind of feed into there. Um and then I've again got my chief of staff that kind of directs them on what to do. Uh and then I've got the intent one that's actually just looking at all things Grok Bot and building demos for me in my behalf on the Grok Bot so that any call I get into I can quickly spin up uh a demo and go from there. Uh one of those things where it's like once you get started with Grok Bot, you can kind of figure out the best way to do so. And I think X is the the best way to find those quick wins as well. Sure.
[04:27:18] SPEAKER_02: There seem to be some pre um package skills already, right? So if we um download these, can you customize them for your use case and uh edit those as well?
[04:27:29] Crystal: Yeah, Yeah, one we already have some sales use cases on our Grok Bot like template marketplace, but you can also create your own. So if you want to share your own templates with your team or even on X, like I think everyone in this room probably has a good template you can steal or share. But there's some on the back of the cards if you're in the room with us and we also have a marketplace online. Uh I also have an X account so I like to share mine. Um but yeah, you can steal others templates and I think that's what makes Grok Bot like so fun and easy to get started is you can steal what somebody has already built and customize it for your own use cases.
[04:28:10] SPEAKER_02: marketing team and the product team from the sales organization is it via Slack or there is a better way to do that from Grok Bot?
[04:28:18] Crystal: Uh like how do I how do I communicate with other departments?
[04:28:25] SPEAKER_02: Talking to other organizations, sales is talking to marketing all the time, products all the time or the like, you know. So what is the best way? Right now we do it of course through Slack, but is there a better way to do that communication?
[04:28:37] Crystal: Yeah, right now I do that via Slack, but you can also use Grok Bot to track channels. So if you're in a marketing channel maybe about this event and you want to track what's going on, you can keep track of that uh or that event like within Grok Bot.
[04:28:53] Mark Wright: So we we've been talking a lot about personalized setups um your preferences versus yours. How would we set this up for or do you work on setting it up for a team where you kind of had a uh somebody else in sales, here's your um kind of standardized setup and then personalized from there. Is there a good way to do that for a company?
[04:29:17] Mark Wright: There's some some best practices out there. Um certainly like today we are working with customers on like how they want to set this up. The starting point has really been everyone get Grok Bot and start to build it for yourself. Like so very very good point there. What we are seeing in terms of a change is like now when you get into Grok Bot, it's going to ask you about your role and maybe pre give you some of these templates that make the most sense for you. Some of the more advanced companies though are like leveraging a power user that's done really well like Krista in this instance that has um templates and then kind of sharing those out for as a sales rep at your company. I'm going to get these five bots populated into my instance and then be able to run from there and
[04:30:00] Mark Wright: And if I'm in marketing, perhaps I get another five. So, possibly it's really endless there, and that's been a big, big shift we've seen more recently of like having this pre-enabled based on your your role or persona in the company.
[04:30:11] Crystal: So, is that set up through your cursor account where you start setting that up on the enterprise level or?
[04:30:16] Mark Wright: Yeah, directly through Grok Bot you can kind of, you know, build these up and then share them to new users, right? So, a little bit like let's let's build them out and then a new user will just share them over so they have them day one.
[04:30:28] Crystal: Okay.
[04:30:39] SPEAKER_02: Um, are you able to demo the echo bot on how um the during call, right? Somehow you have some streaming capability to stream the transcript to the bot itself so that you can understand context to update the slides or something. Just how the echo bot that you have.
[04:31:00] Crystal: How so how do you how do I stream?
[04:31:02] Mark Wright: The echo bot.
[04:31:03] Crystal: Oh, echo bot. Okay, yeah. So, I use Granola. So, I'll do discovery usually like most of the call and then I just like stop the echo bot or stop Granola and I run echo and it'll just pull the Granola or transcript automatically and just like start working on the side. So, Granola is like very quick. Um, I also use Gong too. So, if you use Gong, I would say use Gong because it takes a it takes a couple minutes for it to load after the call finishes. So, that's probably more for like the next call or to send out after the call, but you can run Granola during the call, stop it, and then just run the echo bot and it'll live update during the call. It I think it takes like 2 minutes. So, maybe give yourself 2 minutes and then it'll update.
[04:31:49] SPEAKER_02: Got it. Thank you.
[04:31:50] Crystal: Yeah. Perfect. Um, I think we're going to wrap up here, but lastly, uh thanks for all the questions. Uh before we jump into uh building, I wanted to announce that we just launched an exclusive challenge on X. So, you can share a Grok Bot. We talked about templates a lot. You can share one of your Grokbots that you can't live without and how you use Grok Bot for work. Um, and you and a plus one could head to Starbase uh and actually get the chance to watch a Starship launch in person, which I'm very jealous. I would love to watch a Starship launch. So, to enter you can follow at Grok and at bot on X and then quote our challenge post on X with a description of your Grok Bot and a link to your shared bot template. And uh you can scan the QR code card here and save the X post. Uh you'll need to quote to enter the challenge. Uh so best of luck.
[04:32:47] SPEAKER_02: Great.
[04:32:48] Crystal: Perfect. Thank you all.
[04:43:48] Matt Palmer: And we're back. And while Lauren and Roshan are off getting some work done, I am joined by another Matt, one of my favorite Matts, Matthew Berman, who can maybe tell us a little bit about himself. And we're going to go into how he uses Grok Bot, some of what he's seeing in AI, but first I'll let him introduce himself.
[04:44:05] Matt Berman: Sure. Hey everybody, I'm Matt Berman. Uh I make content for a living now, which is still wild to say out loud. Uh yeah, all about artificial intelligence. I do everything from model reviews, breakdown news, sometimes geopolitics, research papers, sometimes tutorials, but uh everything is generally artificial intelligence and I've been doing it for about 3 years. Before that, I've been in technology for about 20.
[04:44:32] Matt Palmer: Nice. Amazing. And while you're number one, a friend of the Grok Bot team, we've hosted pop-ups with you. We've done a lot of collaborations. Also just really great content creator and I take some inspiration from your work. We've been friends for a while. I remember you're talking about moving up to the Bay Area. Now you're in the Bay Area. I see you around all the time. It's great. Um,
[04:44:41] Matt Berman: Thank you. Yes. Yeah, yeah.
[04:44:49] Matt Palmer: how are I guess we can start with how are some of the ways you're creating content changing with AI? And then we can tie that into to some other things, but I think it's a good place to start. Yeah.
[04:44:58] Matt Berman: Yeah, this was like kind of an interesting learning over the past especially year. I tell a lot of people like don't use AI for the actual creative process. When you're coming up with the ideas and deciding what to make and you really actually have to invest the time and be creative, but especially in the last few weeks, we have figured out how to increase our productivity substantially simply by doing things like I mean my my team has been incredible, Brian and Alex, with editing videos using AI. And prior to 3 weeks ago, it wasn't even possible it seems, but then all of a sudden they're dictating and they can do, you know, multiple edits in parallel. And it's really great. Um, obviously we're doing a lot of behind the scenes automation with AI. So, everything from like sponsor management to uh taking notes for us during meetings, follow-ups, proposals, everything kind of the back office stuff, that is easy to automate. You should automate it. The new stuff that we're getting into with video editing is what's most exciting to me right now.
[04:46:00] Matt Palmer: Cool. And yeah, it sounds like you're kind of trying to automate back house stuff, trying to eliminate so the immediate like the manage aerials like more more just like tedium from your day. And then using that to spend more time focusing on the creative side, right?
[04:46:09] Matt Berman: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, I think that's where humans are are going to be more and more a value is going to go to that kind of how creative can you be, how well can you craft uh an interesting story, a compelling story for other people. That skill set is going to increase in value over over time. So, I'm I'm super excited about that.
[04:46:32] Matt Palmer: I mean I'm excited about it too because uh yeah, I just love creating things and so it's exciting to think okay, well I'm going to be able to spend more time doing doing what I love. Um, and so seeing that in your creative team and your creative process, how are you using like Grok Bot in some of these things or maybe for your personal life? I've just loved to hear how you've used tools uh like Grok Bot to get more done.
[04:46:51] Matt Berman: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So, Matt Matt and I were talking right before this. I actually want to pull up some of the Grokbots I'm using because I wanted to I wanted to talk to you about it. Okay, so the one I've been using probably the most is the family bot. And so I set up this bot and it reads all of the emails. And I have I have two kids. They go to different schools right now. They have multiple sports, multiple after school activities. And I get like I don't know why every single teacher, every single coach decides to send a like three page email every other day. So, I'm getting these things so often. And of course I have a million other emails to get through. So, I have my Grok Bot reading every single email, making sure hey, it's family related, one of the kids. Uh it'll summarize it for me in like one to two sentences. It'll actually recommend when I have to take action rather than just like hey, here's something you have to know. It's like hey, you need to tell the coach if you can show up to this event or not. Um, that's been incredibly incredibly helpful. Then I have it connected to my calendar with my wife. We have a special family calendar. It automatically puts the events on our calendar. It will notify us if there are any conflicts. It will help us solve it. I know like all of it's like very specific to being a parent, but I can't tell you how much time this single bot alone has saved me.
[04:48:13] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Well, I mean if you take a step back, these are the problems like everybody faces, which is like you have two calendars and you need to like manage multiple information sources. And the glue that holds all of those things together traditionally has been like a human. Like I would be trying to do that and you make mistakes and it's like really painful because you have to read a three page email. And I think before Grok Bot like what that looked like is oh, all right like a script and have AI parse the things and then you're creating service accounts and doing all this weird stuff. So, what did it allowed for me and it sounds like for you as well is like oh, I can just stick all these things together really quickly and then drop an agent on top of it. And it turns out there's like a really powerful really powerful interface.
[04:48:48] Matt Berman: Yeah, I think there's actually also a meta aspect to it, which is like once you connect one of these things, whether it's your calendar or your email, you don't you don't necessarily have to do it again. It it Grok Bot kind of already knows where to look.
[04:49:00] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[04:49:01] Matt Berman: Um, and and I think that's really the power of it where it would just make assumptions about the way that I want things done just so like you know, it saw an email and it knew I had this other event at the same time and it knew I had a preference for not taking meetings in the morning and it it just kind of learns these things over time and it just every I'm not having to re-explain myself over and over again, which is super helpful.
[04:49:24] Matt Palmer: So, it sounds like maybe some skills or memories or something that's like auto you know, remembering your preferences essentially.
[04:49:29] Matt Berman: Yeah. I mean you know, all all of this stuff kind of was inspired by I think originally Open Cloud. When we first saw Open Cloud, it was incredible and but like I think what really stood out for Grok Bot in particular is all of the difficulties of having to manage and fix and maintain a lot of the kind of initial AI assistant software that was out there, it's all gone. It just works, you know? And I I think that's that's been a really nice thing. Um, I give my wife access. We have a shared Telegram. So, now she has access to certain bots of mine and she doesn't have to think about okay, what's a bot? What memory does it have? She just like interacts with it as if it were an AI assistant.
[04:50:11] Matt Palmer: That's super cool here. It's cool to hear that your family's using these tools as well because you know, I know I think we're still a ways away from like mainstream adoption, right? And many people watching this might not even know what Grok Bot is, right? And so you know, to kind of ground it, you know, you referenced another AI agent tool and it was like these personal assistants they got everybody really excited this year. And I think it's because of the idea and like the promise of like oh, hey, you can just connect everything to this agent. And then the agent like reads messages, drafts emails, like takes care of the things you don't want to take care of. So, the core idea is like oh, there's an agent and maybe you run it on your laptop, right? But that's like not really secure. So, it needs to run the cloud, but then that host that brings all these other problems together of like okay, how do you run an like an AI system securely in the cloud? And and I think the original AI assistance, right? That was the hard part. Everybody's talking about buying Mac Minis, getting VPSs, doing all this crazy stuff. But now it's like okay, Grok Bot exists and it's just an agent that accesses all this stuff and just runs in the cloud and there's no setup.
[04:51:09] Matt Berman: Most people don't want to think about it.
[04:51:11] Matt Palmer: Exactly.
[04:51:11] Matt Berman: They don't want to I mean you know, let alone like getting everything installed and then making sure it has access to the right a computer, the internet, browser control. People don't want to think about this. The the broad audience does not want to think about that stuff. I generally don't want it like if I'm on the run like if I'm taking a walk or I'm doing something else and I need to shoot off a quick email or or a task, I don't want to have to think about how it's all working behind the scenes. I don't want you know, that's not where I want to spend my time. And I think the the like the the new generation of AI assistance like Grok Bot are incredibly good at uh kind of abstracting all of that complexity away.
[04:51:49] Matt Palmer: Super interesting. And so you talked about how you're using Grok Bot with like your family ops. Do you have any other any other cool use cases for it?
[04:51:56] Matt Berman: Yeah. Um, the okay, so it's I think I mentioned this before we started streaming, but I one of the coolest ones is I went around my house, gathered everything that I wanted to sell. Like stuff that I have not used in a while. I had like a PlayStation I didn't use for a while, a mountain bike.
[04:52:13] Matt Palmer: You're getting rid of the PlayStation, dude? Come on.
[04:52:14] Matt Berman: I got rid of it. I know I know and especially with GTA 6 coming up soon. I kind of regretted it in that moment, but like I I haven't turned it on in a year and a half. So, okay. Anyway, so like I took pictures of everything. I sent all the pictures to Grok Bot and just said list them. Like I and so it at the only things that I had to do after that were log in to Facebook so it listed it on Facebook Marketplace and log in to eBay. Some of them it listed on eBay. Right? And so like the mountain bike, I want to meet somebody in person because I don't want to ship a mountain bike. You can't really ship you know, a 70 lb mountain bike. But for like everything else, I shipped it and yeah, it just okay, so posted everything, did the research on what the items were. Like that that's a big part of shipping or sorry, selling. Making sure the listing is really complete. Did all the research, put the listing together, posted it, and then watched it. And then when we got questions from potential buyers, it would automatically try to answer them. And if it couldn't, it would ask me for like hey, how would you answer this? Or hey, do you want to uh entertain this kind of lower price? Um, and it it just followed up indefinitely. And I've already sold yeah, I sold the PlayStation. Um, I sold the MacBook. And I'm I'm still working on getting that mountain bike sold, but like it is just man I was just showing you. I just got a message. Somebody offered me a price. So, I'm going to go negotiate or I'll let my Grok Bot negotiate it. Yeah.
[04:53:35] Matt Palmer: Wow. You could sell it live on this on this That's funny, you know? And I actually use mine for similar actually buying things sometimes on Facebook Marketplace, definitely like negotiating. A lot of like purchasing and understanding these items is like you have to immerse yourself in the domain. Software is very similar, right? You have to understand oh, what is a mountain bike? Like how much is it worth? Well, how much is my mountain bike worth? What are like the variables? Nobody has time to do that to then list this thing. And so you can just ask an agent that can do web search to understand relevant prices.
[04:54:04] Matt Berman: It got comps. It actually got the comparables for mountain bikes that had sold in the last 6 months. And yeah, and it like listed it at a great price and yeah, and it's impressive.
[04:54:14] Matt Palmer: And you know, I think one of the things that that might go understated is that we talk about these personal use cases and then people go okay, but like you're trying to get us to use Grok Bot in our jobs or whatever. And I think the important thing is like personal problems map almost directly to business problems. You're trying to sell something. Okay, well like you could use Grok Bot to haggle with a vendor the exact same way that we're describing using it in Facebook Marketplace, right? Okay, go out, help me understand the raw materials, help me understand the data, help me understand deals that like my teammates are doing, and synthesize all of that. And then in this communication that I'm having, I don't have to go ask somebody, right? And that saves eternal time.
[04:54:51] Matt Berman: Yeah. And so it's like Yeah. Yeah, we we we do something very similar. I mean for for my business Forward Future, uh we work with sponsors. I make videos. They want to tell my audience about their their products. Okay, so we take on sponsors. Um, Grok Bot now knows about all of our different ad units. It knows about the pricing. It knows about our inventory. Uh it knows about the context of the relationship. Have we worked with this company before? Have we not? And it and it helps me. Um, it joins all the meetings via uh Fathom, which is like an like an AI recording for meetings. Uh gets the transcript, understands basically puts it all together and at the very end it's just like okay, here's your proposal. And I didn't have to do anything. And and you know, sometimes I'll say okay, actually that's like a little bit off or you know, we have a little bit other context here. Like it it is right and it's saving me so much time. It's it's really nice and that's kind of the back office stuff I had mentioned earlier.
[04:55:42] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Okay, interesting. Yeah, and I mean same for me. I joined cursor and and and then eventually SpaceX like right around the time of this acquisition and so there's like a lot of context going on. Um, and luckily Grok Bot was like in development at the time. So, I had access to it throughout my entire tenure here. I just use it for onboarding. Like Lee hired me. Shout out Lee, amazing amazing guy Lee Robinson. Um, at Lee Rob on Twitter, just a little plug. Uh and you know, I I feel bad like being someone and I have to like ask people things. Like I feel useless, but even then normally at a company you start your job and you're like okay, like I guess I got to open the company wiki and like read all this stuff. And then I don't know where the stuff is. I got to ask somebody. I got to putz around and search, look in Slack, find messages. It's like the information retrieval very similar to how you're retrieving information across your email and your calendar with your wife, all this stuff. It's like now you actually have the shared context that you could just say um, who owns this thing? Look in Slack, look in Notion. How do I get XYZ done? Oh, actually I'm blocked on perms. Like have other people been blocked on similar permissions in the past? Who did they talk to and to get this stuff done? And you just like
[04:56:47] Matt Berman: Totally.
[04:56:48] Matt Palmer: what I've found is the number of messages I've had to send to like a manager or like to my teammates to ask them random questions is like nearly zero. And that compounds over an entire organization. If you have everybody that has the agency to be able to just answer questions, it's outstanding.
[04:57:02] Matt Berman: Yeah. Okay, Matt, uh let me extend on that point because you're right. You kind of made me realize how how valuable that is in the moment. With AI like if okay, if I have you know, 150 emails coming in every day and I'm trying to remember in a moment what did this person say about you know, uh a sponsor? What did they what was the last context I had with them? And I'm working with a bunch of sponsors.
[04:57:22] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[04:57:27] Matt Berman: I don't necessarily have to go search through my email, dig through it, look through the thread, look through all of the replies. I simply ask the bot and it just it'll go and find it.
[04:57:38] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[04:57:38] Matt Berman: And so I think that reduces the amount of context switching, but also context searching, which is what you just mentioned. And that also is a huge huge value. Like just the and and okay, now multiply that across multiple email addresses, Notion and Slack, and you know, drive and all these other things. Now you have documents and context in so many different places.
[04:57:56] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[04:58:04] Matt Berman: And you don't have to remember where each one is now, right? And and I I'm realizing like I've been doing that, but maybe I didn't put it verbally how how important and how valuable that that kind of piece of it is.
[04:58:17] Matt Palmer: Yeah, and I mean to me these are like universal problems and it's almost like I can't really remember what it was like when I was like oh man, I need to like go like look through Slack. I'm like I'm never going to do that again because it's like really hard to find stuff. Um, and searching across multiple calendars. I remember you know, just a couple weeks ago I got invited to something. I think it was like a company event and I was like wait, did someone post that that was happening in Slack or post that it or or send me an email or just put it on my calendar? And if they did put it on my calendar, like when was it? And you talk about like hey, we just want AI to be easy, right? like as humans. This is like Friday after like my brain was like cooked, right? I'm like I don't even know like where I am right now. I you know, this is but this is like being an employee and doing a job. It's like there are times when you're overloaded with all this information and you just ask AI could you remind me like when this thing is and where it was? Might seem like a simple thing, but that could be the difference between you missing like an important meeting or being there, right?
[04:59:06] Matt Berman: Totally. Do you do you remember Microsoft Recall? Do you remember this? It was like it was like maybe a year and a half, 2 years ago where Microsoft was uh they they announced this product Recall, which would watch everything you do on the computer. And it was kind of this like super powered search. So, and and so it would effectively like take screenshots of everything you were doing on the computer and then you would be able to ask AI like hey, I remember this email like where what They like leading up to the launch got so much flak about like the privacy and the security and and it's just it's like it's it's like very different from from how Grok Bot works, but I think back to that and I at the time was so excited just not having to remember where all the things are.
[04:59:48] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah.
[04:59:52] Matt Berman: In in the 70 you know, the 17 different places that I stored documents. Um, and and so now
[05:00:00] Matt Berman: everybody's kind of opting in. I'm like, no, I want to share all this stuff. I would have been okay. But yeah, at the time, they got a lot of crap for it.
[05:00:03] Matt Palmer: Yeah. It is interesting. It is interesting how everyone has like leaned into kind of like some of these agentic You just trust the model, you know, like it's going to work out. You trust the guard rails. Um
[05:00:06] SPEAKER_02: Are we back? Uh the SVP of product and engineering for one of our product development divisions at Nokia. We are trying to leverage Cursor as an agentic platform to introduce specialized agents that are persona specific for every aspect of work that we do that can partner with the human in seat that does that work today. Those things become much more possible if we are able to iterate in much much faster loops that directly impacts customer economics, uh lowers unit cost, improves customer satisfaction, and then finally, there's an entire class of things that I think we're now going to be able to do faster that are to do with increasing resilience, reliability, and security in the network. Cursor and uh Cursor's agents uh that increasingly many of them are out of the box is a massive step up in accelerating analysis, getting insights that otherwise would not be possible. So, we the beginning of a very critical journey. We've burnt the boats. Our plans, our goals for this year not next year for this year hinge on this work. We have a product line easily 50 plus million lines of code. We are I would say in an intermediate stage of decomposing what is fundamentally a monolith oriented architecture. It would be a very daunting task for us to attempt a manual inspection of that code base. We have undertaken that with Cursor. Our early results of that analysis have been remarkable. We have been able to do precisely what I just described which would have required bespoke tooling would have taken far longer, probably several months of effort across probably a dozen or more expert people. We performed the initial analysis as one example within a matter of I think a couple of weeks by two people. We've seen evidence of Cursor being deployed very successfully in situations that involve a need to move very quickly where we have run into a customer impacting defect that might be having a subscriber impact. And now we are able to do that against an extremely large corpus of service requests and radically accelerate uh something like a root cause analysis. These examples have not been one or two. They've been quite a few and growing in number. That where we seeing uh I'd say the early success and where we would love to take it next is leveraging Cursor as a platform for multi-agent deployment and orchestration where really the role of the engineer, the architect becomes the supervision of agents that are calling out to tools that are performing work at scale collaborating with one another. We are literally redesigning our entire software development life cycle from inception through product delivery and everything that comes in between. And we are back. So, Matt has left the studio. Now only one Matt remains. And we have another we have another guest. Got it got to keep the great guests coming. Um yeah, welcome back for those of you who are just tuning in. We are in the middle of a three-day live stream here at Grok Bot Galaxy in San Francisco, part of Dreamforce right next door to all the festivities happening right outside. We are uh building uh together over the course of three days a business entirely implemented by Grok Bot and coding agents. And so we've spent our first day kind of working through some ideas. Today we're really deep in coding. We were earlier today showing you how we're using bots to drive a lot of the core workflows that we use uh to power our software engineering stack. Um Lauren is currently off stream working on re-implementing some of our prototypes into a scalable game system. And so we're really excited to show you that when we come back on in just a few minutes here with the full team. In the meantime, we're really excited to bring on our first intern. So, for our guest we actually just hired an intern. I mean I feel like any good team needs an intern, right? Like you got to have someone who can help out. Um but but you're more than just an intern. You're also currently a student at Stanford, right? You want to introduce yourself and say a little bit about who you are?
[05:00:06] SPEAKER_02: Are we back? Uh the SVP of product and engineering for one of our product development divisions at Nokia. We are trying to leverage Cursor as an agentic platform to introduce specialized agents that are persona specific for every aspect of work that we do that can partner with the human in seat that does that work today. Those things become much more possible if we are able to iterate in much much faster loops that directly impacts customer economics, uh lowers unit cost, improves customer satisfaction, and then finally, there's an entire class of things that I think we're now going to be able to do faster that are to do with increasing resilience, reliability, and security in the network. Cursor and uh Cursor's agents uh that increasingly many of them are out of the box is a massive step up in accelerating analysis, getting insights that otherwise would not be possible. So, we the beginning of a very critical journey. We've burnt the boats. Our plans, our goals for this year not next year for this year hinge on this work. We have a product line easily 50 plus million lines of code. We are I would say in an intermediate stage of decomposing what is fundamentally a monolith oriented architecture. It would be a very daunting task for us to attempt a manual inspection of that code base. We have undertaken that with Cursor. Our early results of that analysis have been remarkable. We have been able to do precisely what I just described which would have required bespoke tooling would have taken far longer, probably several months of effort across probably a dozen or more expert people. We performed the initial analysis as one example within a matter of I think a couple of weeks by two people. We've seen evidence of Cursor being deployed very successfully in situations that involve a need to move very quickly where we have run into a customer impacting defect that might be having a subscriber impact. And now we are able to do that against an extremely large corpus of service requests and radically accelerate uh something like a root cause analysis. These examples have not been one or two. They've been quite a few and growing in number. That where we seeing uh I'd say the early success and where we would love to take it next is leveraging Cursor as a platform for multi-agent deployment and orchestration where really the role of the engineer, the architect becomes the supervision of agents that are calling out to tools that are performing work at scale collaborating with one another. We are literally redesigning our entire software development life cycle from inception through product delivery and everything that comes in between. And we are back. So, Matt has left the studio. Now only one Matt remains. And we have another we have another guest. Got it got to keep the great guests coming. Um yeah, welcome back for those of you who are just tuning in. We are in the middle of a three-day live stream here at Grok Bot Galaxy in San Francisco, part of Dreamforce right next door to all the festivities happening right outside. We are uh building uh together over the course of three days a business entirely implemented by Grok Bot and coding agents. And so we've spent our first day kind of working through some ideas. Today we're really deep in coding. We were earlier today showing you how we're using bots to drive a lot of the core workflows that we use uh to power our software engineering stack. Um Lauren is currently off stream working on re-implementing some of our prototypes into a scalable game system. And so we're really excited to show you that when we come back on in just a few minutes here with the full team. In the meantime, we are really excited to bring on our first intern. So, for our guest we actually just hired an intern. I mean I feel like any good team needs an intern, right? Like you got to have someone who can help out. Um but but you're more than just an intern. You're also currently a student at Stanford, right? You want to introduce yourself and say a little bit about who you are?
[05:00:06] SPEAKER_02: Are we back? Uh the SVP of product and engineering for one of our product development divisions at Nokia. We are trying to leverage Cursor as an agentic platform to introduce specialized agents that are persona specific for every aspect of work that we do that can partner with the human in seat that does that work today. Those things become much more possible if we are able to iterate in much much faster loops that directly impacts customer economics, uh lowers unit cost, improves customer satisfaction, and then finally, there's an entire class of things that I think we're now going to be able to do faster that are to do with increasing resilience, reliability, and security in the network. Cursor and uh Cursor's agents uh that increasingly many of them are out of the box is a massive step up in accelerating analysis, getting insights that otherwise would not be possible. So, we the beginning of a very critical journey. We've burnt the boats. Our plans, our goals for this year not next year for this year hinge on this work. We have a product line easily 50 plus million lines of code. We are I would say in an intermediate stage of decomposing what is fundamentally a monolith oriented architecture. It would be a very daunting task for us to attempt a manual inspection of that code base. We have undertaken that with Cursor. Our early results of that analysis have been remarkable. We have been able to do precisely what I just described which would have required bespoke tooling would have taken far longer, probably several months of effort across probably a dozen or more expert people. We performed the initial analysis as one example within a matter of I think a couple of weeks by two people. We've seen evidence of Cursor being deployed very successfully in situations that involve a need to move very quickly where we have run into a customer impacting defect that might be having a subscriber impact. And now we are able to do that against an extremely large corpus of service requests and radically accelerate uh something like a root cause analysis. These examples have not been one or two. They've been quite a few and growing in number. Thatwhere we're seeing uh I'd say the early success and where we would love to take it next is leveraging Cursor as a platform for multi-agent deployment and orchestration where really the role of the engineer, the architect becomes the supervision of agents that are calling out to tools that are performing work at scale collaborating with one another. We are literally redesigning our entire software development life cycle from inception through product delivery and everything that comes in between. And we are back. So, Matt has left the studio. Now only one Matt remains. And we have another we have another guest. Got it got to keep the great guests coming. Um yeah, welcome back for those of you who are just tuning in. We are in the middle of a three-day live stream here at Grok Bot Galaxy in San Francisco, part of Dreamforce right next door to all the festivities happening right outside. We are uh building uh together over the course of three days a business entirely implemented by Grok Bot and coding agents. And so we've spent our first day kind of working through some ideas. Today we're really deep in coding. We were earlier today showing you how we're using bots to drive a lot of the core workflows that we use uh to power our software engineering stack. Um Lauren is currently off stream working on re-implementing some of our prototypes into a scalable game system. And so we're really excited to show you that when we come back on in just a few minutes here with the full team. In the meantime, we are really excited to bring on our first intern. So, for our guest we actually just hired an intern. I mean I feel like any good team needs an intern, right? Like you got to have someone who can help out. Um but but you're more than just an intern. You're also currently a student at Stanford, right? You want to introduce yourself and say a little bit about who you are?
[05:00:08] SPEAKER_03: Very smart. Yeah. Yeah. So, everyone, I am the first Ford deployed intern. So, on my full-time job I am bringing them coffee on a day-to-day basis. Currently actually before this uh live stream started I was handling all the coffee logistics and all that. But in my free time I guess whenever I get that um I'm a full-time student at Stanford University. I'm a rising junior and
[05:00:08] SPEAKER_03: Very smart. Yeah. Yeah. So, everyone, I am the first Ford deployed intern. So, on my full-time job I am bringing them coffee on a day-to-day basis. Currently actually before this uh live stream started I was handling all the coffee logistics and all that. But in my free time I guess whenever I get that um I'm a full-time student at Stanford University. I'm a rising junior and
[05:00:09] SPEAKER_03: Maybe as an intern benefit that we can sneak in and get some intern credits. Okay. Okay. Very cool very cool. Well, thanks so much for hanging out with us. Um you know, I think one of the things that we've been doing throughout the stream here is uh you know, in addition to benefiting from all the work you've been doing behind the scenes uh also just trying to learn how different people use Grok Bot in their day-to-day. Um obviously you have a really unique use case that we were talking about off camera where you are applying to jobs. You said you need a job. Um and it seems like you've put together a pretty cool team of Grokbots who are helping you do all that work. And so would love for you to kind of just talk us through how are you using Grok Bot? How has it been helpful for you in the job search? And you know, for those of us or for those of us watching maybe who aren't as familiar with like how a job search goes these days, um kind of like how that process works nowadays. I feel like it's a really competitive market particularly for software engineering. So, maybe let's start off with that. You know, like how how does the job market work these days? Like what are the things you're having to manage as you're kind of going through the job search process? And we'll start with that. Yeah, of course. So, keep in mind that I started my job search my internship search around two to three months ago. Now there's usually like three to four pathways that I like to think of when it comes to the job search. First is obviously the normal method which is cold applying. Right? You see that job for xAI swe internship. And then you see that and then you are like, all right, I got to apply within 3 hours. Right? At the end of the day any big company is going to get over 200 500 applications. So, it becomes very competitive very fast. The second approach is focusing on the startup community. All startups need good engineers at the end of the day and they need people who can ship fast, deliver fast, and then also bring in new unique ideas that can improve like either their business or their workflow or anything else. The third approach is a little bit a little bit unique in that sense which is going going outside of the cold approach strategy and then just directly communicating with the recruiter, right? Seeing if you can email them or having a coffee chat with some employee within a particular organization you want to work for and then have them connected with the recruiter and then get you fast tracked into the process. And then the fourth strategy is just like on air begging, you know. For example, I'm here as a Ford deployed intern. So, let's hope that stays.
[05:00:12] Matt Berman: Yeah. Also, security has evolved like substantially since then. It's it's not just taking screenshots anymore. It's like, no, we actually have a secure connection to the system of record.
[05:00:17] Matt Palmer: Yeah. I mean I I mean even like some of these personal assistants you were mentioning earlier this year, I remember you know, cuz I do technology demos. Someone was like, hey, I want you to like demo this thing on our service. And I look at it and I'm like, I can't show people this. Like this is just dumping passwords in plain text. Now, compare that to a Grok Bot where where it's like you have secure entry, it goes into a vault. Like the agent can't even see the password, right? So, that is much more much more secure and you have a much smaller blast radius um if any of these systems get compromised. Um
[05:00:38] Matt Berman: Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. Yeah. Shifting gears a little bit. One other use case you talk told me about which I think is interesting. You told me Grok Bot helped you with your electricity bill. Is that correct?
[05:00:59] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[05:01:00] Matt Berman: I'd love to hear about this cuz I pay a lot for electricity. So,
[05:01:01] Matt Palmer: Yeah. So, okay. So, I kept getting these emails from PG&E saying like, hey, you could save on your electricity bill. You have an electric car. So, you should you know, think about one of these other plans. I looked at the email. First of all, it was like three pages, okay? Like a ton of text and and maybe maybe I have no attention span. Maybe that's it. But I'm looking at this email and I'm like, okay, I would like to save money and I would like to change plan. And then I would just like Oh, then I have to compare like what what plan should I be on? They don't tell you.
[05:01:29] Matt Berman: Yeah. Yeah.
[05:01:32] Matt Palmer: And so I ha- so I gave Grok Bot I took a screenshot of the email, gave it to Grok Bot, and I said, figure out if I should switch plans and which one. Look at my previous 12 months of electric electricity usage, look at the bills, and and tell me. And so all it asked me to do was log into PG&E and that was it. And so it did all this review, looked at all the previous 12 months of my bills and said like, oh, yeah, you could save $1,000 by switching to this other plan that is you know, especially tailored for having an electric car and doing like off-peak usage charging, off-peak usage power.
[05:01:54] Matt Berman: Hm. Yeah. Um and I was like, wow, that that was like really easy. I had it double check the math twice just in case.
[05:02:11] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah.
[05:02:16] Matt Berman: Yeah. I switched plans this morning.
[05:02:17] Matt Palmer: There you go. 1,000 bucks.
[05:02:18] Matt Berman: Yeah. 1,000 bucks a year. I mean that it's incredible. Maybe all in all took about 60 seconds of my actual mental attention.
[05:02:22] Matt Palmer: There you go. Hm. And right, I I love classifying problems like these, right? Because it's like again, you're talking about like a very specific personal problem and there might be people out there like, oh, I I don't actually pay that much for electricity. Like this doesn't apply to me, right? But it's like there are all these things in our life that we have to pay attention to. And part of being an adult is that like you can't It's just like so hard to give your attention to all these things. Whether it's like your kids' emails or like stuff at your job. It's like you're so maybe you're so overloaded that you pick a more expensive supplier at your work just because it's easier for you to do that.
[05:02:46] Matt Berman: Yeah. Yeah. You just don't want to think about it anymore. Yeah, totally.
[05:02:58] Matt Palmer: Exactly. And now it's like, okay, well, if I can at least map the problem space and then put an agent on figuring that thing out, you don't have to worry about that, right? And you can optimize these things.
[05:03:00] SPEAKER_02: Love it. Okay, let's go back to your Grokbots. Uh so you have a bot here who's helping you find recruiters to contact. That's awesome. Walk us through some of the other ones you have here. I see an alumni database email finder.
[05:03:05] SPEAKER_03: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Okay.
[05:03:06] Matt Berman: Yeah. Yeah. It's so interesting you say that. I I've talked about this a lot on my channel. The ROI on tasks that had kind of a lower value are is now substantially greater. The ROI on let's say like you have two things to choose from. One which would have been $10,000 in value and one which would have been $1,000 in value. Obviously, you're going to focus your human mental attention on the $10,000 one, maybe forgetting or just dismissing the $1,000 one because it just didn't make sense. Now you can do both, right? And both of them take substantially less attention and and thus like the ROI on investing in that getting you know, whatever the $1,000 value thing like hey like simply getting changing plans on on my electricity or whatever else it is. It it it makes a lot of sense now. It just becomes much easier. And I think an extension of it is just have it go through your email and look at all your subscriptions. Like even if it's $9.99 a month and you haven't used it in 6 months, go ahead and cancel it. And you can have Grok Bot, you can have your AI assistant do that for you now.
[05:04:10] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah.
[05:04:14] Matt Berman: And like previously you would have maybe said like, okay, that's $9.99 a month. Maybe I'll use it next month and I don't really want to click through and have to answer 17 questions about why I'm canceling. It's like, no, no, Grok Bot, go ahead cancel.
[05:04:27] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[05:04:28] Matt Berman: And that's it. It's done.
[05:04:29] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Totally agree. I mean and it it just incentivizes like the agency. Like if you if you're the type of person that you like to get stuff done or you just feel like you don't have enough time, right? You're limited by time or or resources to get things done. But you have like the energy and willingness to like dig into problems. It's like, hey, look, I mean anytime you've ever gone to the doctor's office I this has happened to me. I use Grok Bot and and Grok for these sorts of things. Like you get a bill and the bill makes no sense. And you're like, dude, where did this number come from? Nobody can explain it to you. You can just use AI and not have to spend your Saturday morning trying to understand a bill. And that's like you said, one of those things where it's like, oh, maybe I just don't want to deal with this. So, I'll give him a couple hundred bucks and it's just like
[05:04:44] Matt Berman: Yeah. Totally.
[05:05:07] Matt Palmer: you know, now I can have something that that helps me like figure that thing out. So,
[05:05:11] Matt Berman: Yeah. Yeah. I want to bring up something. Maybe you struggle with this now. I I am getting more work done than ever. And I I know you've probably heard this. I'm also busier than ever. I'm actually struggling on the attention
[05:05:13] Matt Palmer: Okay.
[05:05:24] Matt Berman: or like not the attention, the context switching between all of these things. I'm kicking off so many different agents and they're coming back and I still like there is still this cognitive load of switching between different threads, switching between different pieces of context. How do you solve for that? Like what what does your workflow look like?
[05:05:41] Matt Palmer: Oh, that's interesting. So, it's funny we actually talked about this in a session uh like on the stream just like earlier today. Um and Lauren uh who's probably sitting over there somewhere hacking on our uh our software our our game design shout out Potato. Potato gets all the shout outs on Twitter. Like you cannot If you go on Twitter just it's just Potato.
[05:05:51] Matt Berman: Shout out Potato. I yeah, I've been seeing her name everywhere.
[05:06:00] Matt Palmer: It's just people saying Potato it's insane. Um uh so one workflow she mentioned which is like she uses a like chief of staff. She just calls her Steve which I like better than chief of staff. Chief of staff is like overplayed in my book. Like we're on the stream if the chat in the stream no more chief of staff.
[05:06:16] Matt Berman: Can I show you I have chief of staff. I'm switching it right after this now. I have been shamed into switching it.
[05:06:18] Matt Palmer: Of course you have chief of staff. I just feel like you know, we we have to we have to be more creative. We have to be more human with our with our uh our agents. Um so so anyway, just basically like the same model as a coding agent which is that you have like an orchestrator and then you can like fan that out into sub agents. And rather than interacting with the sub agents um you interact with the orchestrator. So, you can be like chief of staff bot talk, you know. Um so okay, so this doesn't work without one other piece which I'll describe. Uh which is Lauren has like a bot factory bot which is she
[05:06:28] Matt Berman: Yeah, that's right. That's fair. Yeah. Yeah.
[05:06:51] Matt Palmer: thinks about how she likes to create bots and then she put that into a bot. So, chief of staff bot talk to she calls it doctor egg bot. This is all very playful. Steve talk to doctor egg bot, right? And create a bot to do this thing. So, now you're really only interacting with chief of staff bot. So, you can say chief of staff bot um you know, I want to understand my power my energy bill talk you know, create a new bot that is focused on auditing that and report back. And so now at least you're looking in this one thread and you can kind of kick off these agents that then report back
[05:06:58] Matt Berman: Sure. Yeah.
[05:07:21] Matt Palmer: and you're maybe in in one one piece of context. So, that's one way to approach the problem.
[05:07:25] Matt Berman: I like that. I I've done some of that. But I find myself going into each individual thread. I'm a huge fan of having things separated by topic. And so I I do find myself like the chief of staff is where I go in the morning. That's where I go to like really think about things and kick kick off the days tasks. But as each of the individual bots are working, I do find myself going into each one.
[05:07:47] Matt Palmer: Hm. Yeah.
[05:07:51] Matt Berman: And and it's kind of interesting. I do think eventually I'll kind of more and more try to push things to just being summarized really concisely in the
[05:07:56] Matt Palmer: Sure.
[05:08:00] Matt Berman: I'm just going to call it chief of staff for now. I'm I'm sorry. Um but like I I'll probably try to push more and more things my attention specifically into the chief of staff rather than trying to go into each and every single bot that I have.
[05:08:08] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Sure. I mean you know, the other thing that I'll say is because I feel like everybody in AI feels like they have to have some sort of like suave answer to questions like these. Um it's just like overload sometimes. Like as an engineer if I'm writing code, I have 10 cloud agents running at the same time working on 10 things. Like writing code used to be like, oh, I'm going to like put on low fi beats or whatever and just like chill out and think about one thing. And now you're you're just like an overloaded manager at all times. So, I think like as an industry we just need to evolve to understand the way to handle some of these problems.
[05:08:26] Matt Berman: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
[05:08:41] Matt Palmer: Um and I think at least the people I've talked to like everybody's like a little stressed out and trying to do more, you know, and that's normal.
[05:08:46] Matt Berman: It's so nice to hear that, man. No, it's it's nice. It's nice because I I I'm not I'm not alone on this. It it's just true. Like my myself, my entire team we're getting more done than ever. We're busier than ever.
[05:08:56] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[05:08:57] Matt Berman: But there is this like cognitive overheating at times where I'm just like I need to step away and and I think a lot of these are probably design problems that will get polished over time. But um it's really nice to hear that people also suffer with it too.
[05:09:11] Matt Palmer: Yeah, no. I mean And and I think it actually uh in some ways like being busy all the time it makes you think like um like what are the actually the right things to focus on, right? So, it's like, okay, do I need to do this all the time? So, uh yeah, I think uh this was a great conversation. We have uh customer uh video that we're going to kick to in a second here, Nokia. And they are analyzing 50 million lines of code in two weeks with Cursor. So, we're going to kick it over to uh one of our customers. Lauren, a little bit more about that.
[05:09:16] Matt Palmer: Um so okay, so it sounds like you have this cover letter. I I love the the bot interaction you just described. So, you have a cover letter generator. And then how did you train that cover letter critic? So, it like knows stuff about you clearly. There's also a resume that we're going to kick to in a second here, Nokia. And they're analyzing 50 million lines of code in two weeks with Cursor. So, we are going to kick it over to uh one of our customers. Lauren, a little bit more about that.
[05:09:16] Matt Berman: Um so okay, so it sounds like you have this cover letter. I I love the the bot interaction you just described. So, you have a cover letter generator. And then how did you train that cover letter critic? So, it like knows stuff about you clearly. There's also a resume that we're going to kick to in a second here, Nokia. And they're analyzing 50 million lines of code in two weeks with Cursor. So, we are going to kick it over to uh one of our customers. Lauren, a little bit more about that. Cool. Yeah.
[05:09:16] Matt Berman: Um so okay, so it sounds like you have this cover letter. I I love the the bot interaction you just described. So, you have a cover letter generator. And then how did you train that cover letter critic? So, it like knows stuff about you clearly. There's also a resume that we're going to kick to in a second here, Nokia. And they're analyzing 50 million lines of code in two weeks with Cursor. So, we are going to kick it over to uh one of our customers. Lauren, a little bit more about that. Cool. Yeah.
[05:09:44] Matt Berman: Cool. Yeah.
[05:09:44] Matt Berman: Cool. Yeah.
[05:09:46] Matt Palmer: That that flew by. I can just keep going with you.
[05:09:46] Matt Palmer: That that flew by. I can just keep going with you.
[05:09:46] Matt Palmer: That that flew by. I can just keep going with you.
[05:09:46] Matt Palmer: That that flew by. I can just keep going with you.
[05:09:51] Matt Berman: Oh, whoops.
[05:09:51] Matt Berman: Oh, whoops.
[05:09:51] Matt Berman: Oh, whoops.
[05:09:51] Matt Berman: Oh, whoops.
[05:09:52] Matt Palmer: It's okay.
[05:09:52] Matt Palmer: It okay.
[05:09:52] Matt Palmer: It okay.
[05:09:52] Matt Palmer: It okay.
[05:09:54] Matt Berman: Oh, we're back.
[05:09:54] Matt Berman: Oh, we're back.
[05:09:54] Matt Berman: Oh, we're back.
[05:09:54] Matt Berman: Oh, we're back.
[05:09:54] Matt Palmer: It was a good transition. That was great.
[05:09:54] Matt Palmer: It was a good transition. That was great.
[05:09:54] Matt Palmer: It was a good transition. That was great.
[05:09:54] Matt Palmer: It was a good transition. That was great.
[05:09:54] SPEAKER_02: Are we back? Uh the SVP of product and engineering for one of our product development divisions at Nokia. We are trying to leverage Cursor as an agentic platform to introduce specialized agents that are persona specific for every aspect of work that we do that can partner with the human in seat that does that work today. Those things become much more possible if we are able to iterate in much much faster loops that directly impacts customer economics, uh lowers unit cost, improves customer satisfaction, and then finally, there's an entire class of things that I think we're now going to be able to do faster that are to do with increasing resilience, reliability, and security in the network. Cursor and uh Cursor's agents uh that increasingly many of them are out of the box is a massive step up in accelerating analysis, getting insights that otherwise would not be possible. So, we're the beginning of a very critical journey. We've burnt the boats. Our plans, our goals for this year not next year for this year hinge on this work. We have a product line easily 50 plus million lines of code. We are I would say in an intermediate stage of decomposing what is fundamentally a monolith oriented architecture. It would be a very daunting task for us to attempt a manual inspection of that code base. We have undertaken that with Cursor. Our early results of that analysis have been remarkable. We have been able to do precisely what I just described which would have required bespoke tooling would have taken far longer, probably several months of effort across probably a dozen or more expert people. We performed the initial analysis as one example within a matter of I think a couple of weeks by two people. We've seen evidence of Cursor being deployed very successfully in situations that involve a need to move very quickly where we have run into a customer impacting defect that might be having a subscriber impact. And now we're able to do that against an extremely large corpus of service requests and radically accelerate uh something like a root cause analysis. These examples have not been one or two. They've been quite a few and growing in number. That's where we're seeing uh I'd say the early success and where we would love to take it next is leveraging Cursor as a platform for multi-agent deployment and orchestration where really the role of the engineer, the architect becomes the supervision of agents that are calling out to tools that are performing work at scale collaborating with one another. We are literally redesigning our entire software development life cycle from inception through product delivery and everything that comes in between. And we are back. So, Matt has left the studio. Now only one Matt remains. And we have another we have another guest. Got it got to keep the great guests coming. Um yeah, welcome back for those of you who are just tuning in. We are in the middle of a three-day live stream here at Grok Bot Galaxy in San Francisco, part of Dreamforce right next door to all the festivities happening right outside. We are uh building uh together over the course of three days a business entirely implemented by Grok Bot and coding agents. And so we've spent our first day kind of working through some ideas. Today we're really deep in coding. We were earlier today showing you how we're using bots to drive a lot of the core workflows that we use uh to power our software engineering stack. Um Lauren is currently off stream working on re-implementing some of our prototypes into a scalable game system. And so we're really excited to show you that when we come back on in just a few minutes here with the full team. In the meantime, we're really excited to bring on our first intern. So, for our guest we actually just hired an intern. I mean I feel like any good team needs an intern, right? Like you got to have someone who can help out. Um but but you're more than just an intern. You're also currently a student at Stanford, right? You want to introduce yourself and say a little bit about who you are?
[05:14:09] SPEAKER_03: Very smart. Yeah. Yeah. So, everyone, I am the first Ford deployed intern. So, on my full-time job I am bringing them coffee on a day-to-day basis. Currently actually before this uh live stream started I was handling all the coffee logistics and all that. But in my free time I guess whenever I get that um I'm a full-time student at Stanford University. I'm a rising junior and
[05:14:09] SPEAKER_03: Very smart. Yeah. Yeah. So, everyone, I am the first Ford deployed intern. So, on my full-time job I am bringing them coffee on a day-to-day basis. Currently actually before this uh live stream started I was handling all the coffee logistics and all that. But in my free time I guess whenever I get that um I'm a full-time student at Stanford University. I'm a rising junior and
[05:14:32] SPEAKER_02: Really really great really great.
[05:14:41] SPEAKER_03: I need a job.
[05:14:41] SPEAKER_03: I need a job.
[05:14:41] SPEAKER_03: I need a job.
[05:14:41] SPEAKER_03: I need a job.
[05:14:44] SPEAKER_02: Hopefully we can help with that. Hopefully this job is some good on the ground experience. And what are you majoring in at Stanford?
[05:14:44] SPEAKER_02: Hopefully we can help with that. Hopefully this job is some good on the ground experience. And what are you majoring in at Stanford?
[05:14:44] SPEAKER_02: Hopefully we can help with that. Hopefully this job is some good on the ground experience. And what are you majoring in at Stanford?
[05:14:44] SPEAKER_02: Hopefully we can help with that. Hopefully this job is some good on the ground experience. And what are you majoring in at Stanford?
[05:14:47] SPEAKER_03: Of course yeah. I'm majoring in computer science right now.
[05:14:47] SPEAKER_03: Of course yeah. I majoring in computer science right now.
[05:14:47] SPEAKER_03: Of course yeah. I majoring in computer science right now.
[05:14:47] SPEAKER_03: Of course yeah. I majoring in computer science right now.
[05:14:51] SPEAKER_02: Cool. And you are a huge Grok Bot user. Is that right?
[05:14:51] SPEAKER_02: Cool. And you are a huge Grok Bot user. Is that right?
[05:14:51] SPEAKER_02: Cool. And you are a huge Grok Bot user. Is that right?
[05:14:51] SPEAKER_02: Cool. And you are a huge Grok Bot user. Is that right?
[05:14:54] SPEAKER_03: Yes. I personally get through all of my usage in half the time limit. So,
[05:14:54] SPEAKER_03: Yes. I personally get through all of my usage in half the time limit. So,
[05:14:54] SPEAKER_03: Yes. I personally get through all of my usage in half the time limit. So,
[05:14:54] SPEAKER_03: Yes. I personally get through all of my usage in half the time limit. So,
[05:14:55] SPEAKER_02: Okay. Wow, okay. We should really maybe take that feedback back to our usage team to figure out how we can make that a little bit better on our end.
[05:14:55] SPEAKER_02: Okay. Wow, okay. We should really maybe take that feedback back to our usage team to figure out how we can make that a little bit better on our end.
[05:14:55] SPEAKER_02: Okay. Wow, okay. We should really maybe take that feedback back to our usage team to figure out how we can make that a little bit better on our end.
[05:14:55] SPEAKER_02: Okay. Wow, okay. We should really maybe take that feedback back to our usage team to figure out how we can make that a little bit better on our end.
[05:15:01] SPEAKER_03: Yeah. Or just give me more usage.
[05:15:01] SPEAKER_03: Yeah. Or just give me more usage.
[05:15:01] SPEAKER_03: Yeah. Or just give me more usage.
[05:15:01] SPEAKER_03: Yeah. Or just give me more usage.
[05:15:06] SPEAKER_02: That would also work. Yeah.
[05:15:06] SPEAKER_02: That would also work. Yeah. Maybe as an intern benefit that we can sneak in and get some intern credits. Okay. Okay. Very cool very cool. Well, thanks so much for hanging out with us. Um you know, I think one of the things that we've been doing throughout the stream here is uh you know, in addition to benefiting from all the work you've been doing behind the scenes uh also just trying to learn how different people use Grok Bot in their day-to-day. Um obviously you have a really unique use case that we were talking about off camera where you are applying to jobs. You said you need a job. Um and it seems like you've put together a pretty cool team of Grokbots who are helping you do all that work. And so would love for you to kind of just talk us through how are you using Grok Bot? How has it been helpful for you in the job search? And you know, for those of us or for those of us watching maybe who aren't as familiar with like how a job search goes these days, um kind of like how that process works nowadays. I feel like it's a really competitive market particularly for software engineering. So, maybe let's start off with that. You know, like how how does the job market work these days? Like what are the things you're having to manage as you're kind of going through the job search process? And we'll start with that.
[05:15:06] SPEAKER_02: That would also work. Yeah. Maybe as an intern benefit that we can sneak in and get some intern credits. Okay. Okay. Very cool very cool. Well, thanks so much for hanging out with us. Um you know, I think one of the things that we've been doing throughout the stream here is uh you know, in addition to benefiting from all the work you've been doing behind the scenes uh also just trying to learn how different people use Grok Bot in their day-to-day. Um obviously you have a really unique use case that we were talking about off camera where you are applying to jobs. You said you need a job. Um and it seems like you've put together a pretty cool team of Grokbots who are helping you do all that work. And so would love for you to kind of just talk us through how are you using Grok Bot? How has it been helpful for you in the job search? And you know, for those of us or for those of us watching maybe who aren't as familiar with like how a job search goes these days, um kind of like how that process works nowadays. I feel like it's a really competitive market particularly for software engineering. So, maybe let's start off with that. You know, like how how does the job market work these days? Like what are the things you're having to manage as you're kind of going through the job search process? And we'll start with that.
[05:15:06] SPEAKER_02: That would also work. Yeah. Maybe as an intern benefit that we can sneak in and get some intern credits. Okay. Okay. Very cool very cool. Well, thanks so much for hanging out with us. Um you know, I think one of the things that we've been doing throughout the stream here is uh you know, in addition to benefiting from all the work you've been doing behind the scenes uh also just trying to learn how different people use Grok Bot in their day-to-day. Um obviously you have a really unique use case that we were talking about off camera where you are applying to jobs. You said you need a job. Um and it seems like you've put together a pretty cool team of Grokbots who are helping you do all that work. And so would love for you to kind of just talk us through how are you using Grok Bot? How has it been helpful for you in the job search? And you know, for those of us or for those of us watching maybe who aren't as familiar with like how a job search goes these days, um kind of like how that process works nowadays. I feel like it's a really competitive market particularly for software engineering. So, maybe let's start off with that. You know, like how how does the job market work these days? Like what are the things you're having to manage as you're kind of going through the job search process? And we'll start with that.
[05:15:20] Matt Berman: Yeah. Not lying I think is a good idea to to get a job.
[05:15:20] Matt Berman: Yeah. Not lying I think is a good idea to to get a job.
[05:15:20] Matt Berman: Yeah. Not lying I think is a good idea to to get a job.
[05:15:22] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Just Honesty honesty is good.
[05:15:22] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Just Honesty honesty is good.
[05:15:22] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Just Honesty honesty is good.
[05:15:24] Matt Berman: Honesty
[05:15:24] Matt Berman: Honesty
[05:15:24] Matt Palmer: Honesty
[05:15:24] Matt Berman: Honesty
[05:15:24] Matt Palmer: Honesty
[05:16:57] SPEAKER_02: Cool. Hm. Yeah. Let's hope that converts.
[05:17:18] SPEAKER_03: Let's hope that converts.
[05:17:19] SPEAKER_02: Well, it's funny because when you're mentioning that like there's so much that res- that like this ties to when it comes to sales, right? There's this sort of like you're doing some outbound prospecting where you're like going out and finding leads for your job. And then they're sort of the like the the you know, the open contact forms or you're filling in this like contact us. But you kind of want to make sure that goes somewhere. And so it feels like you know, I can't help but draw that analogy and it feels like you're almost selling yourself, right? Versus selling a product. Does that sound right?
[05:17:41] SPEAKER_03: Wait, exactly. That's a perfect analogy. Like you have to sell yourself when it comes to the job. Like whether it's cold applying, you need to be the perfect match for whatever scanner they use. When it comes to a startup if you're cool if you're DMing them, you have to be the perfect candidate at the end of the day.
[05:17:45] SPEAKER_02: Yeah. Yeah. You can help craft like the perfect DM that like catches everyone's attention. Okay. Okay. Well, I know you're using Grok Bot to power a ton of these workflows. And so it'd be really great if we can just get your screen up on the camera. I think uh laptop is plugged in here. We can get that on the stream soon. Um but yeah, take us through how you are using Grok Bot. Uh and I'm curious just to maybe like walk us through your team, kind of who's in your team, how you set up these bots. There we go. And if you don't mind just like command plus a little bit, we can uh zoom zoom on all in a little. There we go. Oh, yeah. Walk us to walk us through your team.
[05:17:57] SPEAKER_03: Exactly. Yeah. That good? Actually maybe even a little bit more if you don't mind just really big.
[05:18:26] SPEAKER_02: Oh, yeah, of course. Yeah.
[05:18:27] SPEAKER_03: All good? We're good. Yeah, of course. So, I guess I can start off with the most recent one I talked about other than begging which is the recruiter finder. So, right now I have a Grok Bot that essentially controls my web on their VM. It will find all different recruiters via search, searches them up on LinkedIn, uses the Apollo extension uh browser extension to see if their email address is like within their database, copies that into a CSV and then now I just have access to that. And then it goes through all the different big tech companies or any tech companies that are hiring for software engineering roles. So, for instance you can see all the different rounds and all the different emails. I really hope this doesn't go against any law about doxing. But also who cares. Um but as you can see there's like a bunch of emails. There's also this Let me see if I can pull up
[05:19:18] SPEAKER_02: The email validation scripts you've written.
[05:19:20] SPEAKER_03: Yes.
[05:19:21] SPEAKER_02: Some cool notes there. Yep yep yep. Cool. And you have like cover letters that you're writing. Okay, we got to talk a little bit about that. That's going to be fun.
[05:19:25] SPEAKER_03: Yes. Oh. That is going to be very fun. And that is actually something I was working on. But really quick these are all the recruiter emails that I have.
[05:19:34] SPEAKER_02: Love it love it.
[05:19:35] SPEAKER_03: So,
[05:19:46] SPEAKER_02: Okay. I really hope Stanford University is not watching this. Really hope not.
[05:19:50] SPEAKER_03: It's also if there's any sensitive data we don't have to show that part of our stack.
[05:19:53] SPEAKER_04: Oh, no no no no.
[05:30:00] Matt Palmer: so these stories that you have from your professional career. And I think, you know, having a job one of the hardest things for me is to remember like this is going to sound a little silly, but when you're doing a lot of things like what you actually did in a given day. And so for me it's so easy I have an agent that every day and every week like looks at Slack, Notion, like actually you can cover pretty much all the services you work in as a knowledge worker, GitHub, right? Just like look at my PRs, look at what I sent in Slack, look at what I posted on Twitter cuz I make content, and then summarize that and then write it into bullet points for me each day that rolls up over weeks and like all of a sudden you just have a log of everything that you've done and you can more clearly speak to oh hey I'm in a stand up. Here's what I'm working on. Like my brain is like more focused, you know.
[05:30:42] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah, I use that kind of thing all the time too where it's like just help me maintain the sort of self-evolving knowledge base of the stuff that I'm doing. And so you know I feel like when we're writing a lot of code we do this in the codebase. And Lauren actually talked a little bit yesterday on the stream about how codebases are the best example of memory because they sort of have this history over the course of you know Git commits and all this that kind of persist memory for how code evolves over time. And I think there's actually an equivalent for this for knowledge work that we're kind of talking about where you can train a bot on sort of things that you've been doing and kind of you know build it over time so that it has its own sense of memory. Of course the bots have their own memory, but like kind of helping steer it based on the inputs that you're creating, the outputs you're creating each day, making that part of your process I think. Sounds like you've implemented a lot of those a lot of those things. Yeah, yeah. Very cool. Um go ahead.
[05:31:27] Matt Palmer: I was just going to say maybe we could do some work with our intern here rather than talking about him applying to other jobs. Like what's the deal? No, I'm just kidding. Uh yeah. So maybe we could start talking through like one thing we haven't really covered um in our uh our sort of game studio is like the go to market motion. So I think we need to think through like ops, you know, sales, like basically like everything from marketing to like getting the message out there. If we wanted to run some like creative ads, we have all the code. So maybe there's some ways we could like create ads that are like on brand or something, but I don't know. Maybe maybe you can bring some fresh perspective to the situation.
[05:31:58] Roshan: Yeah.
[05:31:58] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[05:31:59] Roshan: What do you think makes a game viral?
[05:32:03] Shardul: I was I actually don't know.
[05:32:04] Roshan: Are you are you a big game or do you play games? Are you a big
[05:32:06] Shardul: I play a lot of games. Uh whether it's like sandbox games like Minecraft.
[05:32:07] Roshan: Okay. Yeah.
[05:32:11] Shardul: Love Minecraft. Uh daily daily puzzle games like Wordle or my own project.
[05:32:14] Roshan: Okay. So a lot of those are pretty viral like the puzzle games are all over the place. Yeah, yeah.
[05:32:18] Shardul: I think the two biggest things for virality is word of mouth, which obviously it's very obvious because once you have enough people playing it, right? Your your friends tell you and then you eventually tell your other friends and then that becomes a big thing. I think the second thing is just continuously and constantly posting about it. I think eventually when you just see enough content about like this somewhat interesting game, right? People try it out, right? Maybe the conversion rate is hopefully 10% right? It will probably be much less, but if you get one viral post, a lot of people play it, right? Then you start to develop that like community and foundation which then starts to expand kind of like a ripple effect. And that at least to me seems like the way that games are usually made viral, but there's also like other perspectives just as like paying for ads or like having it on commercials or something like that.
[05:33:10] Roshan: I guess like for the for the friends of yours that you're playing games with and kind of when you think about what catches your eye these days, like is this Instagram ads? Is it um you know like great posts on X? Is it TikTok? Is it something else? Like if let say we were to go and build out some ads like what should we where should we think about that? How should we think about that?
[05:33:28] Roshan: I like where do you where do you find and how do you discover new products?
[05:33:33] Shardul: I think I would discover new products. I wouldn't recommend Instagram. I just think Instagram has a different niche for game development like instead of like games it's just mostly like random reels or like other random stuff. I think the best best places would probably be X. I know there's a lot of like engineers are just like um I forgot the exact term, but it's like early adopters who are going to be like trying out the game and seeing what's up. I think a second thing and this is something I was also looking into is hosting on like random Reddit channels. Like maybe not the huge ones like uh for example I was looking into daily puzzle games, maybe not that one, but like just like the niche channels that don't get a lot of love, a lot of attention, but there's a lot of people there, right? Tell them to try out your game. You're not necessarily publicizing it. You're trying to get feedback which then inevitably gets you more people to actually play the game. Another thing would probably be um I mentioned X posts, probably like LinkedIn posts or even TikTok. I would just make sure that for TikTok it's just like really engaging. Like the first two to three seconds are key for any virality. At least that's what I heard of. But I think it's viral.
[05:34:40] Matt Palmer: Okay. So for even if we're taking a step back it sounds like you're talking about like motion or other assets that could engage the user. Um that could be fun maybe to try out like in our own uh in our own repo. So something that I like to do I make a lot of videos um for those that don't know. And almost all of my videos are like me doing demos like talking to the users. So there isn't a ton of like generative content. Um but what I think might go misunderstood sometimes is that you don't necessarily need to generate like videos using like a an image generation model or a video generation model rather though XAI you know you can do some of these things. Um what I like to do is especially is if you have um code you can use code as the source of truth. So a lot of times you can add in nice elements if you say use a library like a remotion. So what I'm thinking is what if we send through some prompts to try and generate remotion assets that we can then run as ads for our for our um uh our game, right?
[05:35:31] Roshan: I really like that. We have like a design system kind of locked too. So maybe we could just build on some of those. Should we get your screen up on the screen?
[05:35:33] Matt Palmer: Cool. Yep. So we can get my screen up and I can I can walk you through what I'm thinking here. Let's do it. Um coming up momentarily. So generally when I'm doing this what I'm what I'm going for is like okay what you want in a platform is you want like aspect ratios that work for the platform. So if you're going to run like Twitter I've done some funny stuff on Twitter. You can actually like I mean maybe this is something we do uh at another point, but you can do like clever aspect ratios and like basically stretch things out on screen. Uh but a good starting place is like one to one aspect ratio for those of us who are not running ads uh or or messing around with aspect ratios that's just a square. Um so you can run basically square, portrait, or landscape aspect ratio. Advertisements and different uh ads work for different platforms. We're getting there's a fly.
[05:36:20] Roshan: There's a fly flying around here.
[05:36:21] Matt Palmer: There's a fly on set. And it and it doesn't want me making ads. So uh basically what I said is hey um use remotion uh for X ads with one to one aspect ratios and the current like scratch assets. Those are just kind of like where the assets are located. We can even use some like light motion uh across um for all platforms prioritizing the the hero on the lander. This is kind of like a rush prompt. Uh but our chief of staff bot is using Dr. Eggbot to then um onboarding a remotion ads bot for a cupcake. Um and so uh we should see that created and then spun up as a cursor cloud agent just based on how um how we like to do things. So that's like the typical flow, right? With our sort of chief of staff bot into even though I just talked to Matt Berman about how I don't like to call my bot chief of staff. We actually have to We're going to
[05:37:10] Roshan: We should rename him.
[05:37:11] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[05:37:12] Roshan: Steve. Uh it's in true uh
[05:37:16] Matt Palmer: chief of staff. I don't know if you've seen Dr. Eggbot, but we've been using Dr. Eggbot a bot that helps you stand up bots and has a lot of great context on how to make great bots and rock bots. So kind of a meta bot, uh but it's been really fun to play with this this week.
[05:37:28] Roshan: So he he uses Pstack, right?
[05:37:29] Matt Palmer: Yes, uses Pstack. Yeah, yeah. There you go.
[05:37:31] Roshan: Lauren is actually a legend. Like I just keep saying that. Like I was I was talking to Matthew Berman he's like is that is that Lauren like who just walked by there? And I was like yeah. And he's like dude I see her all over Twitter. And I was like
[05:37:40] Matt Palmer: She's amazing.
[05:37:41] Roshan: So what what I'm noticing here is uh my Steve noticed that there was a remotion plugin
[05:37:44] Roshan: Yeah. I think it's also hints at like a really cool way to use agents. I think remotion is just like magic. It's like such a magical tool. But I think the reason it's so magical with agents is that um it speaks code, right? So it takes this like what you you know what is still really a laborious process to animate like you know going to After Effects. And there are people who are like really really good at this work. But um it provides a coding interface on top of it. And I every time I I see someone use remotion I'm always a little bit blown away uh with an agent. And and it always sort of reminds me that like you sort of got to play to the agent's strength sometimes too, right? Like you earlier we were talking about PDF formatting and text formatting. Like obviously agents are really good at text. And so kind of you can kind of lean into that to get some real leverage out of them. I think similarly like agents are really good at code. Like we've been talking this entire time about how you know like coding is cheap and it's really easy to produce code. Um if you can take the act of creating graphics and motion graphics and make that like put a code put a code interface in front of that like you're sort of like speaking the agent's language in some ways. And so you know one sort of pro tip for folks who are watching and following along is you know think of the tools that you're using and how you could try to uh you know make code make them code more more code enabled or build sort of harnesses that involve programming on top of them. And I think that actually helps your agents go a lot further both in terms of what they can do and but also just in terms of like you know tokens they burn and the efficiency and and all that kind of stuff too. So
[05:37:47] Matt Palmer: Oh nice.
[05:37:47] Roshan: which was cool because it installed remotion skills. And that should uh ideally guarantee better outputs. And some of these are the things like I just forget sometimes I got a new project to add the skills. Um
[05:37:58] Matt Palmer: It really helps the agent behavior a ton, right? It's like someone else has done the work to kind of make it make make agents really good at working with a particular tool. It's like yeah just install the plugin, install the skills, and they can really you know work a lot better.
[05:38:10] Roshan: Sweet. Yeah, so we got the remotion plugin installed. And then I'd imagine it's just going to spin up an agent we'll start working on some uh working on some remotion assets because because remotion leverages code it's actually perfect. If you look at like cursor um like R uh you know if we look at like the files that we're actually working with here in this sort of scratch um repository or or in our repository that has scratch files it's in the scratch directory, the game loop, just it's just an HTML file which is fine because um you know you can do a lot of stuff with HTML. Um and most of this is like there's some CSS in here. Um remotion uses I believe just TypeScript uh or a React rather. I might be wrong about that. Don't quote me, but we should be able to translate like this this CSS pretty well to get like on brand assets. Um so it'll be interesting to see what we get. Maybe this will run for a couple minutes and we'll we'll have something to show.
[05:39:00] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Um so yeah maybe we should come up yeah come up with a couple of ads, a couple of cool ad stacks. It looks like we got the plugin going there. Um you know off screen while that's working we're also talking about you know just how the job search is going and any questions you might have for us just while we're all hanging out together. And so curious like yeah what what's up Matt for you?
[05:39:06] Shardul: Yep. Yeah, I think I got like the first part of the interview rounds got in that sense like submitting the actual job application is done. And then I think my question and this is like very pertinent for me is there's the final round interviews for a lot of big companies, right? You obviously go through like a technical screen or a technical screening with the recruiter, technical screening itself with like a senior engineer and then going through a problem, AI or the code or whatever. Then finally you have like the final day which is like three back-to-back interviews, right? And I'm curious like
[05:39:49] Roshan: Yeah.
[05:39:52] Shardul: how A how do you keep up the stamina to make sure that you like answer all those questions properly? And second like what would you recommend as like general advice? Obviously off air I will ask him how to get an internship at SpaceX XAI as like other than picking up coffee. But in general you have any advice?
[05:40:08] Roshan: Yeah, I mean I'm I am curious to get Matt's take on this too. I you know I think it comes down to a few things. I think a lot of it is what you mentioned like you have to demonstrate technical aptitude. And so they're sort of like you you can't get around that. You have to be sort of qualified for the role you're applying for whether this is software engineering role as you called out, a product role, uh developer engineering or you know like any other role like go to market and all these. There's like a technical aptitude that's sort of needed to to kind of you know prove that you can do the work. And I think ultimately one thing that I think some people sometimes forget when applying to jobs is that you know for employers who are hiring job searching is a long process. Like it takes investment. It takes investment from like the best people on your team to spend time interviewing. And so you know one of the things that I've always told myself and maybe this is just cuz I'm an optimist and I like to to think of the world as half uh the glass is half full, but you know most of the time when people are bringing you in for an interview they want you to succeed. And so really I think just shifting your mindset to say you know hey like if if you can truly you know like if this all works out you know you're you're helping this team bring in someone who they really need to get something done. So I'd say like to me that a large part of it's the mindset shift. Uh a large part of it's obviously the technical aptitude. And then to your point on the stamina and just keeping up with it I think it's really figuring out what systems work for you like the way that you get energized about something, the way you can like bring that energy into the people you work with. I think a lot of work is also person-to-person interaction. Like as much as we're hanging out with our bots and like you know bringing bots into help us with our work and chatting with our bots all the time um a large part of what makes a great team is the people that form it up. And so just like you know making making yourself kind of show showing to to that team that you're interviewing with that like you can be a really exciting part of that team. Uh and I think those three things really make a big difference. I don't know Matt what would you say?
[05:40:50] Matt Palmer: A lot of people that you know they do like the the the anon PFP situation. I like that you're out here, you're repping the name. You're being just very out there with it. A plus there. We got the portfolio site. We're going to do a quick portfolio break.
[05:41:46] Matt Palmer: Um I mean I guess the thing about it a little bit differently which is that uh I mean it's tough for a first job because it's kind of like well you might not know anybody. You might be in a new city where you don't have any you know any connections or whatever. And even if it's like if we take a step back and you're talking about like your first internship that's really hard, right? Um but once you start to establish like a professional network and you know it's it's actually it's shocking to me you don't today you don't even need to do that. You can just make cool stuff and put it on the internet. Um huge advocate of making stuff and putting it on the internet much much like the stream. Uh and it's actually a free way to make friends who are also passionate about the things that you're passionate about. And I really think about you know a career as finding something that you love to do and you love to work with people who also love to do the same thing. And so if you think about it less like a job and more like how do I just have a good time and create stuff that people want, right? Then it becomes less like oh I'm going to like by the way what you're doing is it wrong obviously like resumes and cover letters. This is a very valid approach to getting a job. This is how I got most of the jobs in my career. But there's this alternate way that I think is like very much um embodied in like the open source ethos which is just like I'm going to spend my time doing my free time doing things I like for free. And if you do things you like for free whether that's making videos or tutorials, uh writing code, creating stuff, making art, just talking to people, you just bump in you just end up in the right sphere. So this is like a very like sort of you want people might even call it like backwards or like uh unintuitive way of getting a job, but through that you usually find people who are passionate. And if you're passionate which I can tell by talking to you are, then it's like okay I want this person. Like I want this guy working for me cuz he's like I'm CEO using Grok Bot. I'm like there are not that many people that know how to do this. Like let's use Grok Bot, you know.
[05:43:26] Roshan: Right, right, right. Yeah, I think that's totally right. And I think that you know what just made me think of is that it's it's sort of like passion, but also you know like demonstrating the things that you're creative and passionate about and like opening up to a pretty broad audience, right? And like for some people that's not like engineering, right? For some people that's like creative physical projects. Like we had some guests on earlier today kind of walking through how they are like you know have a real passion for a particular problem that they're solving in some way. And just being able to like talk about that I think you're actually right that you know sort of always been the case that like building a public profile and and kind of you know putting yourself out there uh really helps, but I think even now more than ever sort of like the the the the distance between an idea and then seeing that idea come to life has gotten a lot smaller. And so being able to you know take advantage of that in the current marketplace and like throw tokens at problems uh and see what you can come up with. I think that that probably makes a lot of sense. Yeah, yeah.
[05:44:16] Shardul: Right, yeah. I I definitely resonate with both of your guys' device. I think for your point I always think of it as like it's like a very antagonistic like the whoever is interviewing me is like my antagonist and I'm like approaching like a problem. But I like your approach it's like you've already in that sense like you've already gotten the job. Now you just got proof that you got the job, right? And that you're like good enough, right? Like you're starting from 100 and then now you can like slowly go down. Rather as you're starting from zero and then you got proved by going all the way up the mountain. And I think that's like a good way to look at it. And then also with your point I love that. I think personally like I don't post a lot on like X or LinkedIn. And part of the reason is because I'm like a little bit scared like what do people think about what I'm working on or do they think good of them? But then I like I started like building more stuff over this summer and I started like talking to my friends and like realizing there's such a supportive community out there whether it's like with your friends or like strangers on the internet, right? Regardless. And I think even if there's like 1% of population who might be like saying oh what are you doing guy? Like what are you doing? Like there's going to be an 90% who are
[05:45:24] Roshan: Oh dude just to be very clear for the first I mean people still think that of the concept that I create. But it was especially true when I first started creating content. And I think anybody that has ever made anything and put it on the internet would say exactly the same thing. So definitely I mean you have to do that.
[05:45:36] Shardul: Yeah.
[05:45:37] Matt Palmer: Yeah, yeah. That's that's like putting yourself out there part is like be willing to suffer the criticism, but also be willing to establish yourself. And um yeah I think it is a lot easier said than done. Uh but once you can get past those hurdles like I'm notoriously bad at this. Matt I Matt inspires me every day when I see the cool stuff he cooks up and I'm like whoa like where does idea come from and how do you package it up? And so yeah I think it's also cool like follow those inspirations. I think that's also a really great way to like learn how to do this work is you know finding people who you think are doing the best versions of this in whatever niche you work in. Like maybe that's software engineering, maybe that's you know like craft making, whatever it is. And kind of just like seeing how some of the best in the game do their work and you know seeing what you can learn from that. And I think even nowadays like yeah put all that stuff in a Grok Bot that teaches you how to do this work. I think that's there's a lot of like tools now that make that even easier. So I know we've been yapping a little bit, but Matt I see some cool stuff on your screen. What are we looking at? Yeah, so I wanted to just show you an existing project um just so that you could understand this workflow maybe a little bit better. Uh so one thing that I did one of the first things I did when I started working on Grok Bot like we have an awesome design team uh and they have really great assets. So I was like well what if I could take like our motion assets and translate those into remotion. Um so like I have basically remotion assets that oh looks like we might be getting that express basically like Grok Bot as code here. And so we can then generate videos from those assets. So like a spawn animation. Um and then I can use those as overlays in the videos that I create. So this is like generally the workflow. If you have the code, if you have a very on top of it design team like the SpaceX XAI design team, shout out all the amazing designers. Um specifically you know shout out Kenny, shout out Justin, the men helped out with this this entire production. Uh you can do really cool stuff. And so like what I'm trying to replicate is this exact workflow, right? Like okay uh take a look at main, right? Essentially what I want is it to use the remotion skills. I want it to like fetch the card stack. Um and it's like working through you can see some of the logic here. And it wrote 6,000 lines of remotion code which just to be clear like animations like this are very uh are very code heavy. Um so like this is kind of to be expected. Uh but we can kind of see what's going on here. Where did it write? Where did it write this stuff? Uh we can actually probably just look at the changes. Um 12 files changed. Oh my god. Uh apps ads. All right, cool. So we'll go into the terminal.
[05:48:00] Roshan: Yeah, so for those watching along what Matt's doing here is he has a remote agent. Agent that he's he's kind of interacting with the agent uh via the agent's command line uh via the terminal that he pulled up and also like looking at the files the agent generated. So that's kind of what we just saw happening in real time here. Uh and it looks like we're getting making sure that things are installed and uh the sort of harness that's running that remotion uh app is running correctly.
[05:48:17] Matt Palmer: Yep. Okay, this is uh this is this is stale. So I'm going to have to clear the cache cuz I just had that uh pretty sure it's because I had oh it's conflicting with the localhost from the other uh from the other app. So I'm going to come over here like we Give me one second. This is the fun of uh the fun of demoing. Yeah.
[05:48:35] Roshan: Yeah, we Yeah, yeah. Um I guess while Matt's pushing to pull that up I guess sure do like what what else what else type of mind for you? And you've been kind of seeing the stream hopefully a little bit the past few days like seeing our game idea. I'm just curious you know uh based on what you've seen so far like what do you think?
[05:48:51] Shardul: I think first of all there's like like you mentioned before this idea of like from idea to actual execution is like so it's become so much smaller now because of like the use of agents and especially with Grok Bot and then also with cursor, right? And any like agentic coding tool. I also when I was watching the stream like I saw like Dr. Eggbot and then I remembered again. I remember actually so I visited the SpaceX office um a few weeks ago. And then Matt was actually I asked Matt like what are some of the stacks you guys use or like what are some of the skills? So he mentioned Pstack and I like I downloaded, but I like completely forgot like. And then after watching the stream and I saw Dr. Eggbot I went back into it. And now whenever I'm coding with cursor I always use slash pro for pretty much everything. It's it's it's amazing. And then I guess the other thing I'm learning is like software development has gone a lot more quick in that sense, but also means you have to pivot fast. Like it goes back to that like sales aspect where
[05:49:49] Roshan: Yeah.
[05:49:52] Shardul: if an idea is just like maybe an idea is like not working or maybe it's like too difficult you should be able to pivot very quickly. And I think when it comes to like your guys' live stream or like the SpaceX XAI and team in general or like any other like promising like startup like startup slash company that's working on agents or AI and production all of that, right? If you can't pivot then you will like fall behind in that sense. So it's like really cool how we're seeing that pivot and like all of those changes working really in the live stream, right? Which is just awesome to see.
[05:50:21] Matt Palmer: Yeah, that's a really optimistic way of explaining our last 48 hours here and kind of going through the first day and then going through the pivot. So I appreciate that take. Um I also think to your point like there's some really cool things you can do with Pstack and you know tools like this where you can actually now just like swarm agents on helping you generate and test multiple ideas in parallel. So actually for those who weren't watching earlier one of the ways that we kicked off our prototyping this morning was we swarm spun up a swarm of agents using Pstack using different models and some you know different models obviously they have different taste. Kind of seeing how those taste would come together and then kind of going through a couple of those options live. So if you want to go back and see how we did some of that you can rewind back to the stream and catch some of the earlier content. Uh but we kind of went through that process a little bit iteratively. Again to your point you can just spin up sub sub agents, have them go, have them go figure things out and then kind of quickly see all those prototypes really really quickly. So yeah, yeah.
[05:51:09] Roshan: Do we ever get remotion back up?
[05:51:10] Matt Palmer: Uh yeah there was just some like uh basically I was using an agent to debug this. Uh it removed like a file and then broke the wiring. So I was just using basically for me it's usually easier to have cursor sort of debug this situation. The nice thing about using the browser here is that I get access to the console. So you know the agent is able to kind of see the errors and the connections and and start to debug these things. But we should have something working working shortly. I think we might uh we might have um I don't know. Do we have anything else to talk about? Where are we where are we at?
[05:51:38] Roshan: Well so well maybe to bring it back to the game since we were just talking about that a little bit. So um right before we started this segment I worked on finishing up our prototype and started getting the prototype wired. And we started with some basic HTML so just like Matt was talking about we have a lot of like a couple thousand lines of HTML and CSS embedded that kind of was our initial prototype. It's really snappy. It turns out modern browsers are pretty good at rendering of an HTML. Um but one of the things that Lauren and I were talking about right off camera was um let's go ahead and start converting this into a React app. So actually this entire time that we've been working I've had an agent you know working on converting our you know prototype into a React app uh that we can then wire into the back end implementation that Lauren's been working on. So I'm pretty excited about that. It was like starting from a really strong prototype, kind of turning it into a proper front end client app, separating the client code from the server code so we can evolve the client separately and kind of be able to iterate on it. I think it'll be really cool. And um it looks like maybe we'll have some some cool graphics to go with it.
[05:52:24] Matt Palmer: Nice. Yep, yep. Yeah, so we got we got um this kind of lined up a little bit more. And you can kind of see here on the right the cool thing several cool things as a matter of fact. So nice thing about remotion is that again it's all just code. So what we did was we kind of pulled in that hero asset that we were working with a little bit earlier. And I like this idea of like code as the source of truth especially in content and in in in the creative assets because if Lauren is back there like I don't know she probably like rebuilt the entire app by now. And and the assets look different. I can just pull those assets through very quickly to this um this basically piece of content and I'm not losing anything. Now don't get me wrong there's a lot of stuff that's wrong here, but because remotion is just like React and stuff uh you can see it's restarting my server. I can even just use the uh design mode selector and just be like get this out of there. Uh right? So like we can start to like clean some of this stuff up. Like I I don't want shadows or highlights on these. Uh like generally I just want them to be simpler. I feel like it started adding details. Um and I'd like more holistically make the card stack tighter. Um so again we talked about design mode and cursor a little bit. I love the like how tight the loop can be and I can just kind of spam specifically models like 46 high. Uh I mean could be low honestly if we're just kind of move fast. But I can spam fast mode and it'll just kind of like iterate on this things in real time. And I get this asset where um like essentially this is a video. And once I get this square video that looks the way I like it I can then just generate like portrait uh assets. I can generate really whatever I want. And while a bit you know are you going to run an ad on this? Like probably not. You know like we shouldn't be running ads on this. But if you're someone who has access to these assets and this took us five minutes it's not like hard to see how we could then you know build out this flow where in Grok Bot we're just generating different kinds of remotion ads, right?
[05:55:41] Matt Palmer: Understand. Yeah, and I mean I have this like grand vision where everything is code. Like in docs you don't have screenshots, you just have code. Uh the the XAI and the cursor teams are are are already pretty good about this, but you could imagine we change the component in the product and it just flows through through our documentation or content. That would make me happy.
[05:55:47] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah. Oh man, that's amazing. Okay, cool. So we got some ads cooking.
[05:56:01] Matt Palmer: I love I feel like we missed the turtles there.
[05:56:02] Roshan: I love Turtle. Thanks for joining us. This has been awesome. Uh really appreciate you kind of hanging out with us. Are you on X if people want to find you afterwards or
[05:56:09] Shardul: Yeah, uh I'm on X at Shardul Morate. I think all lowercase. So you guys should follow me.
[05:56:14] Roshan: Nice. All right, all right.
[05:56:15] Matt Palmer: We're pulling what we're doing actually before you get out of here. Shard
[05:56:19] Shardul: Oh uh S S H A sorry I'm uh S H A R D U L right?
[05:56:23] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[05:56:24] Shardul: M A R
[05:56:25] Matt Palmer: A T H E
[05:56:26] Roshan: A T H E All right, this is this is for anyone who's a recruiter who's watching. Shardul is awesome.
[05:56:31] Matt Palmer: I think he gets the follow by the way. He gets the follow. And then we're going to do a quick we're going to do a quick profile breakdown because I think you know you know this is actually I'm surprised we made it this far on the stream without breaking down X profile. Notice how locked in Shardul is here. Like I just want you all to see my man is like we're going to I'm going to we're going to do a clean shot. And then we're going to edit this. The gaze gaze is directly at the computer. Like we get arrow, eyes.
[05:56:59] Roshan: Oh yeah, oh yeah.
[05:57:00] Matt Palmer: There's nothing there's none of this. He's not looking this way. My man both laser vision on the machine. So that's that's one. We get a we're not going to save this image. Maybe for later. We'll keep that on my desktop. Um so first one locked in check. That's that's A plus. Second this is a great head shot. I feel like people he's just a look good looking guy. Like look at that look at that smile.
[05:57:22] Roshan: Never a bad shot.
[05:57:39] Roshan: I love my Yuvraj. I love Yuvraj. I will
[05:57:41] Matt Palmer: Shardul I'm so sorry we brought you on here and then and then I just start going through your stuff
[05:57:46] Roshan: Hey now I'm proud of my website. I'm proud of my website. I will say that.
[05:57:51] Matt Palmer: It's a trap card.
[05:57:52] Roshan: There's some good stuff there though. He's like leveraging that hero photo from before. Yeah, some clear speaking engagements, some more head shots.
[05:57:58] Shardul: This is actually Lauren we should take some inspiration from Matt.
[05:58:03] Matt Palmer: Beautiful, beautiful. So many stars. Okay, A plus portfolio site.
[05:58:07] Roshan: Everybody you should click on the projects see what animation
[05:58:09] Matt Palmer: Okay, okay, okay. I don't know if we have enough time to go through all this guys. Production is telling us that I'm doing too much. A plus Twitter profile. You got the follow. It was great to have you on. Thanks so much.
[05:58:18] Roshan: Thank you so much. Thank you. Uh we're going to run a quick promo for those who haven't uh followed along yet. We are giving away a chance to win a visit to Starbase, Texas. So if we can cut to my screen for a minute we'll show that very briefly on stream. And then we will switch over to our next talk downstairs in the main theater. So if we can get my screen up please. All right. So Starbase just share your best Grok Bot templates with us. This QR code if we can move our camera off of this screen for a second. We be able to see the QR code hiding underneath. There you go. If you want to win a trip to Starbase, Texas to see a launch of Starship for you and a plus one you can scan this QR code to learn how to enter. You've got to share your favorite Grok Bot templates with us. And then we will have several runners up who will win a trip to to to see where some of this stuff is built that powers some of these incredible incredible vehicles. So be sure to enter this. If you miss the QR code when we flip it off here you can just follow at Grok on X. And we have some instructions on some of the latest posts on that account too. Share by September 29th and we'd love to see some really great templates. Um with that I think we're going to cut downstairs to the main stage for our next talk.
[05:59:50] Simon: I'm I'm Simon. I'm here on SpaceX XAI's go to market team specifically in SDR. And excited to talk about Grok Bot specifically
[06:00:01] Simon: All right. So, at a high level, we'll be kind of going over what actually is Grok Bot, why we use it internally, and then kind of dive into some of the actual like SDR use cases we use. Then I'll kind of demo actually what my environment looks like, and then we can kind of discuss that and go into a Q&A from there. All right. So, first at a high level, I wanted to kind of discuss the actual AI maturity curve and what this looks like for SDRs. So, starting out, when I was using AI, I was just prompting back and forth with a chatbot. I'd do typical things like I'd ask, can you help me actually draft this email or kind of perfect this copy or do this account research for this specific account I'm looking at. And what we've seen kind of progress over the last year is first the idea of copilots. And so copilots are are AI that can actually go out and and carry out a true task. So, instead of talking back and forth, getting email copy, and then copying that into your Gmail, it's something now that we see like actually having the AI go and basically hook up to a Gmail MCP or an API and be able to actually send that email off for you. And really with Bot, what we believe is kind of the next frontier is actually automating entire job jobs in full. And so going beyond just a task and actually doing an end-to-end workflow. And really with the staff function of actually combining a team of bots, you can see how kind of automating a job but also combining that with different features of business like talking to RevOps or talking to your AE and getting context on an account and how bots can actually pull in that context for you and really help you do that full process. And so just diving into what Grok Bot actually looks like if you haven't seen it before. So, you have all your bots kind of here on the left-hand side and they're doing different things. Like we have a sales outbound bot here. We have our chief of staff. And you can message them just like you message your own teammates. And more interestingly, you can actually see them talk with each other. And I have my own Grok Bot instance set up where really there's only one bot that I'm actually talking to. And so for for the most part, I've I've kind of offloaded all that context to my chief of staff actually talking with other bots and and doing that all for me. And I think some important things also to emphasize here is that bots keep their own contacts at a per-bot level in memory so they can really improve as you work more with them and as you go, their memory gets better. And this is why I really emphasize you actually should be training your bots as well depending on the task with kind of the relevant info. So, set up your Slack, set up your Gmail connector, and you can actually kind of start to train it on what your voice looks like. And so specifically for Gmail, what I do is I've I've had it go into my Gmail and actually look at how do I actually talk to people. And specifically in my outbound messages, how do I actually talk to people in a way where they actually want to respond and they're interested in kind of seeing a demo or something forward. And so I'll really go into more of what that actually looks like, how I place weights on certain things to actually help Grok Bot understand this. But I think a big thing I want to talk about also is the ability to share your bots. And I'll dive into this more in the next slide. But I think as SDRs, one of the most important things is being able to see what your teammates are actually doing and to kind of easily transfer those skills over to your other SDRs so you can actually really scale those outputs and do it very quickly. I think the truth at least in space X of what we've seen is that what's working for us today was not working 3 months ago. And 3 months before that, it was something entirely different. And so the ability to really just move quickly and always be iterating is something that the ability to share bots is really going to help you with and help scale the entire SDR team. So, diving into this more, like why are we using Grok Bot? I think to start, it's it's easy and as intuitive as just iMessage or another general platform. You can just talk to your bots. And I think more importantly, bots are always on. And so you don't have to walk around with your laptop open anymore. You can actually close it. I can go on coffee walks and continue prompting from my phone or I can set it up on a long-running task and then trust that it will actually complete that task end-to-end and do the thing without me having to kind of object in between and and guide it. It really is the confidence to go carry out and do things. And there's many ways you can actually improve that by recording your own screen and some other stuff that I'll show more in the demo. But again, it also uses the tools just like you do. And so you can think of your basic connectors of MCPs, of APIs, everything that you've already kind of set up. But beyond that, what's really important is it actually owns its own VM. And so you can log into the browser. And for the parts of your SDR work that are a little more difficult or there's no real way to automate them, you can actually show Bot in the browser. You can sign in to those tools and you can actually show Bot by recording your screen, recording you go through it. You can show the exact workflows that you do in there. The really tedious and specific stuff that's kind of hard to explain or maybe there's no real like open API for it. And so this is really something that I found immense value in and what's given me the confidence to be able to say, okay, Grok Bot, you can genuinely go end to end with what you're doing here. And as I talked about before, I think shareable templates are one of the most important things. And I think every single team at a team level should basically all be spending time building their own templates, sharing those with the team, getting an understanding of, okay, what are the things that are actually working? And how can I not only just import that template, but how can I import it and then add my own nuance onto that of whatever like my tonality and my messaging is or actually maybe it's just I like to to do my workflow a slightly different way. But actually kind of taking this as a base template and then working beyond that. And you can also prompt Grok Bot directly and and ask for direct improvements. You can import templates and be like, hey, look at this template that my colleague shared with me. What do you think are things with my own workflow that you think would be a good addition to build on top of this or or to kind of get more value out of that? So, I really emphasize just actually like talking back and forth with your Grok Bot and kind of like starting to starting to really push it to help you. And and I think this is why we emphasize so heavily that Grok Bot is really just a multiplier for your own work and and really a way to scale the outputs you're doing. And as an SDR, I don't think there's anything more important than actually doing that. All right. So, diving into really what I see as the the common SDR use cases are the things that like I'm doing on a day-to-day basis. I think number one, it's it's really prospecting. And so if you're an early-stage startup, you can actually even help have Grok Bot kind of help you understand your ICP. And so you can look into things like, okay, for the AEs that have closed deals or have deals that have moved to stage one, what is the common kind of title that we're seeing actually carry those deals through? Or what's kind of the most responsive title or industry or sub-industry of person to take an original meeting? How does that actually vary from economic buyer, the person who's actually signing off on this deal? And so you can really have Grok Bot kind of from from a first beginning actually understand like what is my ICP? What's the most optimal way to reach my goal? And personally as an SDR for me, that's how many S1s can I get? And so you can kind of reverse engineer from that point. And Grok Bot can kind of help you actually get to that point. And so on top of really just understanding that ICP within prospecting, you can do the full flow. So, you can use enrichment tools, set those up within Grok Bot. You can also use web search to kind of find more specific data like job postings or any funding announcements from some of your target companies and really just bring this all in. And I'll show how you can actually tie that into my next point which is a sequencer. And so really what I've done within my own Grok Bot instance is I built kind of an ongoing list of all my prospects. And this lives as a CSV today, but really what I think is nuanced about this is you can have things like Grok Bot routines and automations which are constantly updating this. And I think something that really has been a big value add on on the sense of sequencing is the fact that when I'm multi-threading an account, um my AE might have a call with them and that might have happened yesterday. And whatever the context from that call is is truly golden and it should shape my messaging for today. And so what Grok Bot can do is it can actually take that context in just like a coworker would. They can pull, hey, your AE spoke with this person yesterday. Here's exactly what they mentioned. They mentioned a real pain point is they have all these tools to choose from and they kind of just feel stressed out. There's tool fatigue. There's AI fatigue. And really that should shape your messaging for that day going forward for that company. And Grok Bot has that context and it can pull that in and help you actually tailor messages at a at a company level and maybe even in in a gong call or recording they mentioned, oh, you know what? Like this is actually the exact thing that Simon on the AI team is investigating right now or looking into. You should reach out to him. But a lot of those things never actually get actioned on. And so Grok Bot has the ability to actually really sequence and kind of do the full process of prospecting them, adding them into the sequence just off of the actual context that meeting they had with your AE. And I think that's that's something really nuanced that I haven't seen before. And on that same note, you can also do very high-level account research. And so for PLG-led companies, you can look at all the internal data of, okay, who are my power users? Who's actually using this product? And more than that, you can look at the external signals for all companies in whole. So, okay, who's fundraising? Who is job postings? And how does that kind of tailor the messaging based on our product? You can also look at things internally like, okay, how does this new product that we've launched actually change our outbound message for a specific person in XYZ industry and really have Grok Bot kind of tailor those messaging to each and every company specific. And that's actually diving into my last point as well, which is drafting copy and what that looks like. And so what I really highly emphasize is you actually sync your email with Grok Bot just as kind of a starting point and and really push Grok Bot to understand your tone. And I think some of like the nuances that I've added on this because it's very easy to just sync your email, but you have to kind of push it further. And the first thing that I've done on that note is I said, listen, look specifically at my email copy that I've sent out to external or third-party companies that also matched the Salesforce account where I'm an assigned SDR. And then from that point what I actually am pushing it to do is also look at, okay, just look at any of the emails from that filtered list that actually got positive responses, that didn't get negative responses. And then I think the most important thing that I've done on top of that note is I've actually put a heavier weight on emails that recently have received positive responses. And I think for a company like SpaceX, what we're always seeing is the product offering's always changing. Like I said, what was working 3 months ago is completely different now and might not work today. And so I push Grok Bot to put a really heavy emphasis on the actual recent messages and to draft my copy more like that but still kind of pull in inspiration from my older messaging to understand like kind of the human aspect of actually what I'm doing. And so these are kind of the real SDR use cases that I've I've seen. But I'll show you more in my demo of of kind of how we can expand much beyond this. So, at a high level, I just wanted to first show what does my Grok Bot team actually look like here. And so what I've really been emphasizing is you should have a chief of staff. And I think one of the most exhausting things for me is switching back and forth between my different bots. I'm always kind of forgetting the context, especially if I'm kind of shuffling many many things at once. And so what I actually really recommend is you have a chief of staff and that should be the first bot that you set up. And what you should actually do from that point is set up all your other bots through your chief of staff. And And the reason being is when you do it this way, your chief of staff just has context on exactly the purpose and the end goal of that bot. And so as you kind of ask your your chief of staff, so Simon Bot here for me, to complete tasks, it understands the right bot to actually delegate that to. And when needed, it's going to understand the context of multiple bots that it needs to get delegate to or actually get to talk with each other. And so I think this is really an important way to actually think from the beginning of how to set this up. And just for my other bots here, you can see so I've got Shakespeare here who is really the one I've like very meticulously trained on my email writing skills. And then I have web search which obviously is just doing web research. But he actually works in parallel with my Simon Soldier. And I'll show you I basically have a entire army of Simon Soldiers which I basically consider sub-agents or sub-bots that when web search wants to delegate a task across say 50 or 100 counts, the scalable way to do that is actually creating sub-bots that basically respond directly to web search. And lastly, I have customer Bot who does a few things but really is just taking in all the context on the meetings I'm having, understanding for deals that are moving to close one kind of what's the context? What are the things that customers are really receptive to? And you can also get really nuanced with this. So, I think something you can do is look in Salesforce and say, okay, I have an account that's in the fintech vertical. Okay, let me understand. Let me talk with my customer Bot or ask my chief of staff to actually talk with customer Bot and figure out, okay, what are the similar fintech companies that are closed one in recent deals and why were they interested? What were the main pain points they had? What were the main parts of our product that were actually relevant? And then I'm going to take that context and I'm actually going to have my chief of staff pass that off to Shakespeare to understand my email drafting and to push that in specifically for the fintech companies we serve. And so this is where I really push that you can have these all as kind of your your entire staff working on different parts of your outbound to make it genuinely productive. All right. So, now let's let's dive into the demo and see actually what my setup looks like here. So, here we've got it at a high level. Um I'm very serious about my color coding as you can see here, but I I promise I have a reason behind this. And that's I really like to understand at a high level when my bots are are talking to each other and especially because all my work is delegated from my actual chief of staff. I need to understand who my chief of staff is talking to at a section level. And so whenever I see the orange here, I know that my chief of staff is working on an actual research mission. It's doing something around research. When I see that it's message Shakespeare here, I know that it's doing some sort of outbound copy drafting and it's kind of starting to understand that. And the same here, I've talked about my my army here, but when I see the green messages, I understand, okay, it's delegating account research. It's splitting these up between sub-bots. And you can actually see here I have an army huddle as well which basically has my web search bot talking with all of the soldiers here and basically just ordering them around. And And the soldiers are just uh they're giving all the context they need. And so you can see I'm I'm researching kind of this this demo account Flylow here. But it's it You can see how it's basically broken all this up. And So, now Oh, yeah. Yeah, for sure. Good? All right. Um so now what I really want to show is actually how I'm enriching prospects, how I'm actually going and and sequencing these people, and also what my daily routines look like because I think personally as an SDR, one of the most important things for me is waking up every morning and knowing very much what I'm actually going to work on for that day. I think that's just having assigned tasks that you wake up to is extremely helpful to start with. And so really what I've what I've done here on my routines on the side here. So, the number one most important thing for me is every day I want 50 new prospects. And really these prospects have their own kind of internal rankings that I've I've trained Grok Bot on. And so typically how I break this up is I have five prospects that I need to action on first thing in the morning. These are going to be the most relevant ones. So, maybe it was someone who contacted sales but nobody ever reached out to them. Maybe it was someone who just downloaded some Grok Bot content that's extremely relevant to what they're doing and conversations we're already having with that account. And basically this is my first five people that I genuinely need to action on right away. And what I have is you can actually set up Grok Bot to things like your calendar. So, my chief of staff has access to my calendar and it can basically understand the context of, okay, this is the five things you need to action on now. You have a 15-minute block I can make for you during this time, maybe 9:00 a.m. So, you can actually just knock those out of the way then. You don't have any other meetings. For the 45 others that I know you want to get to today, I'll block off time at 1:00 p.m. so you can actually carry those out over another hour. But really my chief of staff has kind of started to understand how I actually like to kind of break up my time and what's most important and really how I've seen the most results here. And so on this same basis, I have an inbox manager who does something very similar. So, I get Slack messages that I wake up to every morning. I'm added to meetings when I wake up every morning and I have external emails that I wake up to every morning. And I really just need a simple way to actually understand which of these I should action on right away, which of these are most important. And so with a similar system, this is actually just going and it's really just ranking these for me on ones to action on and what the order to actually do that is. And so on this on the same basis as a PLG company, something that's really important to us is actually looking through all of our accounts for some of the signals. So, where are power users living? What are the products they're using? What are the things they're actually using the products for that are most relevant? And so I also have every single weekday and you can see all these are at 8:00 a.m. Um I have all of my accounts basically getting scanned for any net new signals. So, who are the new people who actually signed up for our product? Who are the new people who have who've reached out, downloaded content, like everything? And I really like this because I think speed to lead is one of the most important things. And so even if it's not the strongest signal, being fed that on a daily basis so you can actually just go and action on that while it's as warm as possible has led me to to some of the most receptive responses I've gotten. And so finishing out here, I have my sequencer. And I think just a important nuance on my sequencer is that I've also have a routine basically set on a Salesforce trigger. So, anytime one of my accounts, the actual account status updates. So, maybe it's moving from stage zero to stage one. Uh this is basically a trigger that's set that works in parallel with the sequence to unsequence people when maybe the the deal is moving forward and we don't need to outbound anymore of people. And so this is really a way you can kind of set up these kind of elaborate systems all just with routines and with Grok Bot itself. But I'm going to dive in now to what my actual sequencer looks like here. And so here's here's kind of what it looks like. I've spun up this demo one here. And so you can see it's all saved as a CSV which I will admit is like a hideous UI and it's like very painful to look at as a user. And I think what my big emphasis here is you actually as a user shouldn't be looking at this much if at all. Uh this should kind of just be Grok Bot's brain and and some systematic way to actually track these. But you should genuinely trust Grok Bot to actually have the context of this and only look into it when you actually really need to. And so you can see here I have all these different sequences, a queue of prospects where actually need to be added in, my prospect board. And then the most important stuff for me is that the things I need to action on this specific day. And so you can see this basically gives me all the things. It's It's also drafting copy for the emails and everything. You can see here it's already got Gmail drafts IDs. So, I can basically just go into my Gmail and review these all one by one. And if I wanted to, I can just talk to my chief of staff and I can be like, can you actually give me a score on how confident are you that this email is accurate, that it's solid, and that they might actually give a response? And this is kind of what I've delegated it to at this point. I think I really emphasize that first and especially as you're kind of training it on your voice to actually like thoroughly look at these and and honestly give it feedback. But it's now at a point where I I somewhat just trust it and and I can actually push it to to give me its own rating scores on how good these are. But I think on that note, something important to emphasize when you're focusing on your copy. So, this could be Gmail, this could be for any other platform is what I've found works best is actually just prompting back and forth with Grok Bot and asking it for examples. And so honestly when I first had it pull in my emails and I even did all the stuff, okay, like let's wait the more recent responses. I found that it was almost kind of templated and every response looked very similar but just with swapping of names, of company IDs, things like that. And so what I've really done is just kept going back and forth and asking, can you give me examples of these emails? And then on each one basically critiquing it being like, this is why this email sucks and here's how you can make it better. And And really pushing for it to break out of kind of the standardized formatting it has and to actually kind of think and and give nuanced responses at each single email. And I think something I really push is not a single one of your emails should look like a template. It shouldn't look like the same thing but just swapping out company or name. And And I think that's something really important to also push here. So, I'm going to dive now into actually like why I structured my setup this way and what this actually looks like. And so obviously I'm my chief of staff at the top. And as I said, this is actually the only bot I talked to and and the one that I built the rest of my bots from. And so obviously I I have all my outbound actually just structured in a single folder. And the reason I do this is I make I make one bot basically per platform. And And I think the the important reason to do this is because you should be thinking about bots as a way of things that can run in parallel. And so Shakespeare is doing all my email and so I don't need a second email bot but I might need a second outbound bot for a second platform that I'm reaching out to people on or maybe I need context for some of the calls I'm doing. And so having different bots for each of those different functions I think is is the best way to actually handle this and understand the context of how your bots are working with each other. And then so diving into my research here. So, kind of the six key bots that I'm actually using for this. One, I have my PLG bot which is tied up to Salesforce. So, I'm actually getting to see, okay, who's who's signing up? What does our usage look like? It's also pulling in stuff like do we have any closed loss? Um it's also talking with other bots. And so chief of staff might be able to recognize that, okay, one of our prospect accounts is a closed loss opportunity. Okay, what's the context on why? Well, let's dig into the voice of the customer Bot, understand the reasons why that opportunity closed loss. Okay, maybe we didn't have support for a critical function for the business then. But actually as we've been updating, chief of staff recognizes that now we actually do support that. It's seen some of the closed one come in directly around that. And so that will actually then take this prospect or take this account and start ranking them higher in my sequencing because it's saying this is more urgent because you need to re-engage with them about this direct thing that they truly care about. And we know that from a call we had with them. And so being able to take that context and kind of have this full system running together I think is extremely important. But as we tie into this more, you can see I also have ample market which kind of runs all our enrichment. So, once we actually find prospects, this is how we actually hook up our tools to get their emails and to understand, okay, is this actually their email? Can we test it? Make sure it won't bounce. Things like that that won't hurt your email deliverability scores. And then on top of that, I have a company research bot which I think is is something very important here. And so I have this hooked up to my Sumbol instance. And what Sumbol's actually able to do, the most important thing that I found is it's able to pull in a company's text stack. So, for SpaceX's products, it's really important to understand, okay, this company is really operating with a legacy software stack and they're looking to to kind of move off that. Like here's the pain points we see from similar people and here's how we can kind of aim the messaging around that. And on top of that, Sumbol can actually pull in job postings too. And so that's actually how it understands text stack. But more than that, it can actually try and pull in for you an understanding on their org chart. So, if you're selling say for Grok Bot into a into a go-to-market org, Sumbol can actually help you pull in information on, okay, here's actually the the leader for maybe their SDR team, the person who'd be interested in this. And it's pushing all that context back into a Grok Bot. It's pushing it all back into the system and this understanding. And again, back to the voice of the customer Bot. Maybe they said, oh, yeah, Simon on on the SDR go-to-market team is looking into these exact things. And it can talk with other bots like like our company research bot here. Pull that context back in of who exactly that is, where they sit in the org chart, and help you actually sequence that and rank that based on here's how high they up up in the company they are. Like are they the economic buyer based on stuff like that? And so really you can kind of have these all work together. And And again, I think this goes back to the point of the importance of of building all your bots from your chief of staff Bot is it understands this context better and it understands it just like you would. And so moving forward here, I've kind of talked a lot about the voice of the customer Bot. But I think a cool one here also that I use is web search Bot. So, I'm constantly looking at company fundings or like I said earlier like job postings or any kind of public-facing information, things in the news. And what I've really found is a friction point with this is it's hard to scale this when you have 100 to 200 accounts. And every single day there's updates on some of these. And so how do we actually like scan for this at scale? So, I've set up my web search bot here which is hooked up to Exa. And what I actually do have is an army huddle that can actually break up and delegate this work. And so you can see I kind of talked about this earlier but I have an army huddle huddle which is basically just one bot telling the other bots, okay, we're going to break up these 200 companies to 40 each. Now run in parallel to actually do web search on all of these. So, we can actually get this information back to Simon in a timely manner. And this is something I've really seen as like a practical way to scale some of the long-running tasks and some of the ones that that really have slowed down some of my workflows in the short term. And so this has really helped me kind of stay stay on top of those things. And so kind of on top of that also we're looking at usage. For PLG companies, we're looking into how much are people using this product? What teams are using this product? And And I think for Grok Bot, it's something important. We're trying to understand like how many go-to-market people are using it and and what are kind of the use cases they have. So, being able to pull in data like that too and have my chief of staff actually understand all that context makes it all the more easy to actually like kind of rank every single prospect, understand priorities, and understand really like who are the best target to go after it because I think it's so easy to be overwhelmed as an SDR with all these different tasks and all these different things you have to do. And it's really hard to kind of mentally try and try and understand and rank these these different prospects. And so I think having some sort of like systematic ranking here with Grok Bot as I've kind of built myself is is a really good way to do this. And And like I said earlier, I think a really nice part of this is you can actually share these with your team. And so you can get the learnings and kind of share those learnings. And I think one last thing I just wanted to show here is I've actually built some skills that kind of go deeper here. And so I actually have a entire just prospecting skill. And so our company here is Flylow but we can just we can just type this in. And so prospecting understands already all of the different things I want. And this is more something at this point I just run for one-off maybe net new accounts I have or things I want to research like midway through the day. But most of this runs at routines at this point. But I I think something very interesting that I also want to talk about is the skill I've made around Grok Bot ICP. And I think this is something that's really widely applicable here. And what this is is we're still figuring out all the different use cases for Grok Bot. And we're not sure really like who the best ICP and what that looks like. And And it's really something that's kind of an ongoing development. And so what I wanted to do here is I wanted to turn our own findings on Grok Bot's ICP into a skill. And I did this because this way I can constantly update this as it kind of gets more and more clear what this actually means. And so obviously it's something I've talked with Grok Bot before about about, okay, let's see. What are What are the deals for Grok Bot that are actually moving past stage one, that are showing interest? What are the things from voice of the customer Bot that are showing interest around this? And why are they interested in this? And this has really helped me kind of iterate on this skill more and more. And I think it's something that really I want to keep building out. And the reason I've kept it as a skill though is because it could drastically change. And I wanted to be able to be flexible and be something that my systems can basically call upon at any point and it's updated. So, as we kind of iron out more and more what Grok Bot's ICP is, we can really change this on the fly if we save it as a skill here. And so basically I can run that in the background and you can kind of see some of the high-level stuff it's going to do but really it's I I do all my work and it kind of orients it all around CSVs that look like this, that are pulling in everything like titles, like what's their actual ICP persona? Like the
[06:30:00] Simon: actual ICP persona, like the owners and everything. Like what's the context on why? And then you can see it's talking to other sources, like ample market, to actually get email data, LinkedIn, locations here. And and really just a lot of the context on these profiles. And you can see that it's it's already basically running and and doing something like this. But really really at a high level, this is this is how I actually run all of my sequencing here. And you can see that now it's messaging all of my orange bots. And I think like just for my own sanity, it's it's very clear now that it's in the research phase. And and I understand that. I think now boom, it's doing web search in the background. And I'm very clear in understanding on exactly what it's doing there. And that's I think why it's important to to kind of actually do these somewhat in a color color coded fashion or maybe some themes. It's it's easier to remember and to actually kind of at a high level look down and and see what's happening. But all right, that is the demo. And so now I'm kind of just going to discuss like what we actually learned, what I think are genuinely like the takeaways that you guys should have and carry into your own setups for this as SCRs. All right. So I think one of the most important things is going end to end. And this is something I hope I showed in my demo, but that I'm really trying to push is that it's very simple to just like prompt back and forth with Grok bot or to have Grok bot do a single task, like sending an email for you. But I think really you should push it to do the entire workflow. And it's it's a lot of pain up front for you to prompt back and forth, to build this system, to figure out like what actually makes this system work. But if you stick through it and you're persistent and you train it on your style, you will get so much more benefit when it's able to go end to end, when it's able to pull people in from prospecting, it's able to enrich them, it's able to understand all the context, and then it's able to push that out and actually outbound them and do the full process. And I think that's really what differentiates Grok bot and what makes it a true like force multiplier for SCRs. So I really emphasize like thinking at a high level and and kind of thinking how you can actually build that system. And I think on that same note, you should be intentional here. So it's really intuitive to just prompt each bot. And what I highly recommend is just taking a step back and thinking, okay, let me build this off through my actual chief of staff. Bots should be able to talk to each other. They should have that context. The point of this is is to offload more work from you and help you actually get higher outputs. And so you shouldn't actually be focusing even harder and messaging even more bots. It's exhausting from just all the prompt and context switching you're doing there. And lastly, what I kind of hope I really showed in my demo is how to think systematically about your setup. I think it is very easy to just always want to make new bots. It's kind of fun and it's kind of exciting. But as someone who's built an army of bots, I promise you I've had way too many at some points. And and it's honestly more chaotic and it does more harm than good. And so you should really be questioning like why is it important that a new bot does this? Why can my existing email bot not just write my emails and also be able to be my inbox manager? Like like why do I need a second bot for that? And also on that note, like when should I just turn things into routines that that bot runs? But really I I emphasize kind of thinking about all these different things as ways for you to actually just save more tokens in the first place, but actually just also not confuse yourself and not kind of just get overloaded with bots that are just doing like kind of similar things. And again, making things through your chief of staff makes it all the more easier to actually do that. All right. So I just wanted to thank you guys for taking the time. And I think we're going to just open it up to questions now here. Go for it.
[06:33:58] Lauren: Yeah, so you had a daily routine for 50 prospects and 50 leads, right? So if you keep running the same workflow every day, approximately what sort of consumption from a token perspective do you see, right, for this? And do you have any numbers that you could share like per day, per week kind of thing, like what that translates to into a dollar amount or anything like that?
[06:34:27] Simon: Yeah, yeah. So the question is how many tokens does it kind of consume to run these on a daily basis? And I think it it very much depends and it's hard to say. And I think the the best way to actually do it is you kind of have to see what it looks like for your own instance because it depends on kind of the amount of maybe gong calls you're pulling from, the amount of context you have in your data bricks instance. And also on top of that like how many prospects do you need to like freshly enrich versus how many are kind of old contacts that you're pulling in from Salesforce that you already have context on. So I I think it it very much depends. It also depends at the scale you're running this on. But I think the the best way to kind of do this is honestly like prompt back and forth with Grok bot, getting an understanding of where your token usage is at. And you can also talk back and forth with Grok bot to find ways to optimize your workflow. So maybe 50 daily prospects isn't something practical practical depending on like the scale of outbound you're doing. Like maybe it makes more sense to actually run 250 on a weekly basis and that just sends on a Monday morning. And then you have that to work through the whole week. I think mine might be just a little more daily because I like pulling in all that context and really like pushing Grok bot as hard as I can. And I think I'm I'm just using a little more tokens doing that. But but yeah, I highly recommend just just trying it out on that front. Yeah, go for it.
[06:35:55] SPEAKER_02: Um yeah, first of all, thank you so much for a great demo and the presentation. It's really fascinating to see the actual the use case from your own workflow. So I think that part of your demo, I think I saw you kind of have a group chat among your bots. So I'm curious like where do you see the benefit of creating that kind of the group chat because you already have a chief of staff already connected all of your bots. So what is the use case that you found like it's more beneficial? And my second question is I really like the naming of the Simon Soldier. So but so I think the other like the orange bot were pretty intuitive for me regarding what they are like the role each of them is. But I'm just curious what is the soldier bot for you and then how do you use it for your workflow?
[06:36:44] Simon: Yeah, so I built my soldiers really just as like okay, like these are my troopers that I'm going to send out to go do web research in general. And I think the the reason I put them in a group chat instead of actually like setting them up just as messaging my chief of staff directly is one I think it's easier to see the outputs come back to my actual web search bot. So I can actually go in there and and make sure that the outputs at each of the sub agents is is somewhat accurate and is flowing correctly. And I think on top of that, it's much easier if I wanted to scale that from five people in my army to 20 or something. It's much easier to to scale that if I have my web search bot basically handing off the context. And all those sub agents really have like low context. And so it's it's very easy just in that way to scale that up or down on a whim. And so that's that's kind of like why I thought of doing it that way.
[06:37:43] Lauren: Um sorry, I might have missed that but like I guess like so if you let's say you come in, right, and you create a chief of staff bot, can you then just task the chief of like just show what like your work is or what you need to be doing and then the chief of staff like spins up the appropriate number of bots automatically? And and where do the sub agents kind of come in? I guess like because I think when I come in you sorry, you were saying like you should think about work being done in parallel and shows there should be different bots for things being done in parallel. But that's difficult for like a user perhaps to think about um unless I guess maybe you just really know that job very well but it could be different every time. But what's like the way to just get going really quickly where just the time to value is minimized as if someone just comes in just wants to set up for for me based on best practices.
[06:38:35] Simon: Perfect. I'll answer this quickly and then I think we're going to we're going to go back to the live stream upstairs. But I think at a high level really just talking back and forth with Grok bot when some of this stuff is extremely overwhelming, I think Grok bot can actually help you understand what a practical setup is. And if you just kind of talk it at a high level of what your actual workflow looks like and what that is, um it can really help you kind of divide up when it makes sense to use new bots. And and I think that's kind of the the easiest way to kind of answer that broadly for all the different use cases.
[06:39:09] Lauren: Just one quick they handed me the mic. Um first off, I love the Simon Soldiers. I was telling everyone at dinner last night about my beautiful beautiful sweet Grok bots. And I call them all Soldiers for Christ because they march forward on my behalf.
[06:39:10] Lauren: Uh I got a third one here. The uh similar to what Matthew Berman talked about um this user this uh Alexandra here using the Grok bot to sell items on on like online marketplaces which is pretty sick. I think the hardest part for like I sell a lot of stuff on like Facebook marketplace. Um the hardest part about buying and selling stuff is like you have to take the photos and then do all the meta tagging like all this stuff. It's so annoying. Um so this is pretty cool cool use case. And then the last one I have uh similar printing use case. There's printing out like if you I mean when you're a kid like everybody has seen sheets like these and has probably has like PTSD from like doing math.
[06:39:49] Matt Palmer: All right, welcome back. We are back here in our studio uh back on the stream, back with some updates on what we've been building. If we can get my screen up on the slides or on the stream here, wanted to make sure you all could see that slide that we flashed up at the end of that talk so you could scan that QR code if you haven't already. Uh while we get my screen up, if you want to win some free Grok bot, you can. Uh follow these steps to get a free month of Grok bot for $200 in values. It's a pretty pretty big free month at our highest tier. Uh if you duplicate and create a bot with Dr. Egg bot, so go get the Dr. Egg bot template, uh create a bot with Dr. Egg bot and you know work go through the experience of of installing Dr. Egg bot into your own Grok bot instance. If you do that on stream uh following this QR code, the first 1,000 users who go through this will get a free month of Grok bot uh to be able to do all the things that we've been doing and much much more, $200 in value. It's a lot of credits, it's a lot of usage. And um we're really excited to give you all a chance to kind of do a little bit of what we've been doing. If you haven't had a chance to try Grok bot already, great way to get your feet wet with a lot of credits. And it's an exclusive on stream offer. So uh now's your chance, grab it before it's gone. Okay. Um well welcome back. We are working on our business here. Uh we've been spending the last few days working on building a gaming business and a game studio. And for those who haven't been following along since well I don't know how many hours it's been, we are some number of hours Yeah. It's like almost over two days into this process um but the plans are starting to come together. We've had a lot of fun guests on today. Um a few of us have been peeling off to go work on some of the builds in the background too. And so we've been really excited to to make some progress, show you guys what we've been up to. I've got a few bots that we're going to cook up and kind of walk through some demos on today. Um where do we leave things off? So I think what what I did while during our last break was I spent some time taking the prototype that we built and turning it into a Next.js React app with some placeholders for the server side that we're going to build. So we are going to kind of split out the client and the server app into you know separate separate apps so that we can evolve those things independently. Uh and Lauren, you were sharing a little bit about how this is going to make it much easier for us to rev on the client, right?
[06:41:56] Roshan: Yeah, I mean I think for the client and the I mean for like a competitive game like this uh you do want to have a server that is you know deciding like the the things so like people like you can just modify the client and cheat. Uh so I think that will be a good thing. Uh we'll have off as well set up. And um I'm still not 100% sure on what the client will look like. I think like this what we have with the web version looks fine so far. But it makes me wonder if like maybe we should uh it'd be interesting to get a few bots uh you know started up.
[06:42:32] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[06:42:32] Roshan: Maybe with Dr. Egg bot. And then maybe even prototyping different versions of the client because now that we have a backend, like we could have multiple clients. Well I don't think we'll have multiple clients at launch. But first iterate because maybe there is an interesting 3D version or I don't know a pixel art version or
[06:42:50] Matt Palmer: Yeah. I'm going to get the wonder MCP involved terminal terminal client. Yeah. Yeah yeah. What's cool about this is yeah, now now that we've kind of separated these things, we can have the server maintain the state and then just like follow the server contract that we've established with that API and go and let the client you know prototype a little bit. We've added a few new features. We have a global leaderboard here. It's obviously not fully wired in. So these are all just fun names for now but hopefully be able to get that. So once you guys are into the game, we're going to have a leaderboard. And then um I'm actually excited to get something launched in the next few hours. So um what I was thinking is maybe to help us make some progress is let's start kind of tracking all the things we need to do. So I have my chief of staff bot here. Uh and I am going to ask my chief of staff bot to get um a notion.doc going that has our to do list and then help us keep an eye on it so we can track all of our ongoing tasks together. We've all been dumping some stuff in the notion. I think as we go Lauren, I think you have a great um you know a game game design bot
[06:43:28] Roshan: Yeah, same here. Oh yeah, I I spun up a game designer bot to do some research on uh well I think like our game mechanics are pretty simple right now. Uh so I created I I got Dr. Egg bot to make me a new bot to do I guess game research.
[06:43:52] Matt Palmer: Cool.
[06:43:53] Roshan: Uh so it looked at some other battler games for you know interesting mechanics and interesting features for us to be inspired by. And uh it it got it to write a notion.doc uh that's not wired up to anything right now. It's just a standalone doc but it'd be interesting to have like a you know as we start to build out the game studio business um start just thinking about like operationally, you know like how do we actually keep each other informed of what we're doing? And like it could be nice to have a a notion doc that's just tracking all of the work we're doing on the project. Um we don't really I guess we we do have a deadline. All right, we want we have some milestones we want to hit. So it'd be good to actually start tracking that.
[06:44:34] Matt Palmer: Yeah, let's do it. I have my my chief over here working on that. And then we have my founding engineer Bake uh who's been keeping an eye on all the PRs that have been coming into the repo. So we have um a bunch of PRs that we've been shipping uh and I kind of have this uh my bot over here is uh well let's see if I can pull this up the right way is um yeah, watching the repo. So you can see there's some GitHub um kind of you know integrations tied in here where anytime a new PR is opened or changed, uh I am getting notified about it in in my bot. So that's been really helpful for me to stay on top of all the changes Lauren's been making. We've been dual merging here. So I'm kind of making changes to the client. Lauren's been making changes to the server and backend. And so um you can see I got some updates here which is great. And then um my bots are messaging each other to um put together this plan. So as soon as we have that, I'll uh pop up a notion page and hopefully we can uh get that going and look at it together. Maybe just like pin it to the chat over pin it to the stream over here so we have our our our prospecting list.
[06:45:28] Roshan: Yeah, it'd be good maybe like you've been having it on the side.
[06:45:32] Matt Palmer: Mhm.
[06:45:32] Roshan: All right, and then you can apply half of your screen notion, half of it Grok bot.
[06:45:36] Matt Palmer: Yeah, let's do that.
[06:45:37] Roshan: And we can kind of like try to burn down the tasks as much as possible. Um
[06:45:42] Matt Palmer: What do you think are the main ones? We can help steer the agent here a little bit. We need to
[06:45:46] Roshan: Well for sure like I want I have to get the backend shipped and deployed. Uh do you want to do the client thing? Actually I don't know if we should. Maybe we'll just keep it web for now cuz web would be the easiest. Uh I guess we could maybe try like a 3D version
[06:46:00] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Oh yeah.
[06:46:04] Roshan: for the animations maybe. Um just to see um and maybe just not make that a blocking task. That can be like a little side quest for one bot to go in just try. And if we like it, we can take it. If not, we'll just scrap it.
[06:46:16] Matt Palmer: Mhm.
[06:46:19] Roshan: Um and then I think it'd be a really good to maybe make some progress on just thinking through the add stuff. I I know we kind of like briefly talked about it. I don't really know what our plans are for that yet. So it'd be good to like
[06:46:31] Matt Palmer: Okay. Yeah, we can think about We had a cool remote ocean prototype. We have done the prototype.
[06:46:34] Lauren: We had a remote ocean for like actually running some ads. So we have some assets. Uh we could think about like okay, if we have this like stadium theoretically the bots are in. Um number one, what does the the space look like? And then two like how do we I mean
[06:46:37] Matt Palmer: Oh nice. Cool cool. Right right.
[06:46:47] Lauren: the question would be like okay, how do we sell these things? Like how do we account for that? And then what ads do we choose? Is it like a marketplace for ads? Are we just like selling definitive slots? Like how do we price those? Um so I think that's like some exploration uh to think through the framework but then also like we can start to build out that system since we have a server, right?
[06:47:04] Roshan: Yeah.
[06:47:04] Matt Palmer: Cool.
[06:47:05] Lauren: Okay, I got those um captured as we were talking. So I'll get those into the notion.doc.
[06:47:07] Matt Palmer: Cool.
[06:47:09] Lauren: And um hopefully we should be able to pull that up on in a second here. Let me find my Chrome window. Where is my to do list? Here we go, working to do list. See if I can just
[06:47:21] Roshan: Uh could maybe ask your bot to uh share this doc with us on Slack ping us on Slack. And actually something I haven't set up yet that I usually do is to have a kind of like a Slack manager bot that uh kind of like watches for pings. And then it can kind of I'll just tell it to like hey, you know every time we do a task, update the notion. Maybe maybe we can all do that. Get a get a
[06:47:42] Matt Palmer: That's a great idea. Mhm. Yeah. Oh you want to try something fun? Why don't we all turn on voice mode at the same time and create the same bot? I think that could be really cool. Should we try it?
[06:47:52] Roshan: Sure. Let's all open up our Grok bot.
[06:47:54] Lauren: Who's going to do the prompt?
[06:47:55] Matt Palmer: Why don't you do it? It's your Slack bot or your Slack idea. All right, so on three we hit start on voice mode.
[06:48:00] Roshan: Wait wait wait which bot are you on now? Are you on Dr. Egg bot?
[06:48:02] Matt Palmer: Egg bot yes.
[06:48:03] Roshan: Okay okay okay. So we'll talk addressing Dr. Egg bot.
[06:48:05] Matt Palmer: Yep.
[06:48:07] Roshan: Ready?
[06:48:07] Matt Palmer: Yep.
[06:48:08] Lauren: Three two one go.
[06:48:11] Roshan: All right, hello Dr. Egg bot. Um we are interested in building a uh Slack bot. So the job of the Slack bot will be to listen for at mentions of our username on Slack. And um process them. So uh there there might be things like we we might get notified of things like you know here's a task that was completed and uh there's going to be a notion.doc that's tracking all of the the progress we're making on our game. Um so maybe let's start with that for for now and we can kind of tweak the instructions as we go. But yeah, for now a Slack bot that just responds to to mentions on Slack. Just hope that works. Hey, it worked for me.
[06:48:59] Lauren: Yeah, then what do you just say restate this in your own words?
[06:49:02] Matt Palmer: Oh I just hit send. I just hit send.
[06:49:04] Roshan: I mean I send it. Whatever.
[06:49:06] Lauren: Okay, cool.
[06:49:07] Matt Palmer: That was kind of fun. I don't think I've done multi bot creations flow before. Maybe we should publish that one. Okay, it looks like we have our to do list up here in the top right. So I have um let me zoom in a little bit so this is more visible on the stream. Um we got some Oh wow, it's given it's given us a minute by minute plan. We'll we'll have to see. We're going to do some clerk at UT stuff. It looks like we have some open PRs here so maybe we actually
[06:49:23] Roshan: Wow, man. Yeah yeah, I have I have the like a full autopilot system going.
[06:49:30] Matt Palmer: Okay, and a bunch of to do is it looks like it actually went it went took the liberty of making new pages for each of our tasks and putting them in a notion database which is kind of cool. So um and a bunch of other stuff here. Free motion ads inside to do
[06:49:39] Roshan: Um What do you typically do typically do as uh you know when you're track as a PM tracking uh like tasks to view?
[06:49:46] Matt Palmer: This is actually exactly how I use like this like checklist.
[06:49:48] Roshan: Do you just use like a checklist or do you have like a specific view that you like? I know some people like like a Kanban or
[06:49:54] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[06:49:54] Roshan: different
[06:49:55] Matt Palmer: I so I actually switch back and forth. I like notion for this because notion can just make you a database and then you can flip the views of it to be whatever you want. So for certain things I like Kanban boards and I can just like go from in progress to to do to doing. And then what I will sometimes do is just have a bot listening to that notion board every little while. So if I move something to in progress, the bot just goes in and starts to work on it. Um but for other things like for this I think the checklist is just easier in my head cuz I'm like here the five things we need to do. Um so yeah, I kind of go back and forth. But for for a lot of the work that we work on Grok bot together on, I have a notion board that pretty much just does the database thing. So yeah, um it's it's kind of cool. A lot of options. Okay, so that's our to do list. Let's see if I can structure my screen here where we can see everything. Cool cool cool. And then we have a looks like we made a new Slack bot called Ping.
[06:50:42] Roshan: Oh my god, we I had the same the same name. How did you know?
[06:50:46] Matt Palmer: Oh my gosh. Yeah, I don't know. I guess Dr. Egg bot uh is really good at naming. What is your Slack bot's name?
[06:50:52] Roshan: Uh I'm installing the Slack plugin right now cuz I want to get this up.
[06:50:54] Matt Palmer: Okay. Okay. Um yeah, I need to connect Slack but I might do that when we're not looking at my screen so I'm not showing any any secrets. So can we go to the wide angle shot for a second and give me a chance to connect Slack?
[06:51:10] Roshan: Uh um
[06:51:10] Matt Palmer: Thank you.
[06:51:14] Lauren: In the meantime I'm kicking off a couple agents. I got some ads research. So running like um an agent to kind of understand like okay, like how do video games sell ads? Like how do other other businesses think about this problem? Um and then making a recommendation for how we'd implement that on the the client and our server. And then um also like Lauren mentioned checking out some like maybe prototype pixel implementations uh cuz that could be cool. So I feel like pixel art sometimes it's good, sometimes it's like really bad. Uh so we'll have to see. Maybe play around with that a bit.
[06:51:46] Matt Palmer: Cool. And I almost got Slack connected here. I'm just doing my glass GitHub setup as well. In the meantime if you want to cut to my screen, I can show off some some of the what these uh like the the remote ocean assets ended up looking like from last time. And then we could also walk through some cool Grok bot uses I have queued up.
[06:52:18] Lauren: That'd be cool. Anything we should be thinking about for client server implementation while I'm not pulling that up? Okay, cool. So basically what we talked about through before is like um right how remote ocean builds these as code. So the cool thing is that you can just like start to create different aspect ratios. Obviously like you know is this perfect? Like do we want to just the crop? Like probably. But now we have like a 16 9 asset. Um so you can imagine like or 9 16 rather. We have 1 1 9 16 16 9. So now we could advertise like maybe there's a platform that prefers this, probably like LinkedIn, Instagram, X. And there's like a way to easily start like distributing these assets. This like perfect fidelity? No, it doesn't really explain much about the game or how it works but like once we have the assets in the game of and and the game mechanics, we could then slot those in for the React components that we have um instead of like build out some like dynamic videos, right? So the whole point here is I could pop this open um and then like render this out as a video uh where we'd have like a video asset on my laptop. So yeah, that was pretty cool.
[06:53:20] Matt Palmer: That was really cool.
[06:53:22] Roshan: Yeah, I love remote ocean.
[06:53:23] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[06:53:24] Lauren: One of my favorite tools.
[06:53:24] Roshan: Yeah, you can just like create these so quickly.
[06:53:27] Matt Palmer: Yeah, it might be cool to even get a bot to like put some of these in some iPhone frames and see how they showed up. I don't know if that's like cuz the bots are pretty good at generating just like in like live HTML in the chat.
[06:53:32] Lauren: Oh yeah. They are. You can also typically what I'll do for iPhone frames is like uh if you use Figma, you can find like uh like there's an official number one there's there are official Apple frames. Like there's an official Figma pack for it to do this. And then um like you can you can like dig through some of these things and find like good device uh or assets. So one thing um I think I'd have to set up separately is like Figma. Um we'd have to set up like a Figma workspace. We could pull in some of these phone frame assets. And then actually this could be a pretty cool workflow because bot is quite good at using Figma. So maybe I'll maybe I'll kick it over to that in a bit.
[06:54:14] Matt Palmer: Nice.
[06:54:14] Lauren: Um but I want to share actually so we had a guest on earlier Karen. Some cool uh cool Grok bot use cases sheet. Um basically had like bot print out like a morning summary on her printer. So she has an internet connected printer. Um and this is like personally one of my favorite use cases. So I want to share that. Um I think I want to do cuz like I try to journal. Everybody tries to journal. Most people try to journal. Many people fail to journal. Um
[06:54:31] Roshan: Uh pop up this stuff.
[06:54:40] Lauren: I actually do like try to write first thing in the morning whether it's like creative or about like um about my life. And I feel like it would be really cool to have like a template with the date that just gets printed out every morning. And that would like to me that feels like almost more tactile than opening a journal. And and I feel like it's a better reminder. Um so that's something I want to play around with. And then also I'm thinking about getting like a receipt printer and then like hooking it up to Twitter and like printing out tweets or something. I think that would be interesting. Um
[06:54:54] Roshan: Oh yeah. Print out tweets that'd be interesting to look at.
[06:55:05] Lauren: Another one I saw so this is Lenny. Shout out Lenny Rachinsky. Uh super super big Grok bot power user, awesome dude. He paid a parking citation. We all get parking citations especially in the Bay Area. It's like notorious. Um so using our like payments link integration he paid his parking citation. So I thought this was pretty cool.
[06:55:24] Matt Palmer: That's cool.
[06:55:24] Lauren: Um we might we might have some Stripe friends on the on the show at some point.
[06:55:28] Matt Palmer: That would be fun.
[06:56:05] Matt Palmer: Oh yeah. Oh work.
[06:56:08] Lauren: Uh yeah. So they just print out like arithmetic um worksheets uh for their kid which is pretty cool. And I like that as well. Um so yeah, those are some four four things I had queued up that I'd saw on the timeline that I thought were pretty cool.
[06:56:22] Matt Palmer: Yeah, that's that's super cool.
[06:56:23] Lauren: I think yeah, like one really underrated part of Grok bot is are the routines, right? Like that like this like these daily routines are really nice.
[06:56:28] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah.
[06:56:32] Lauren: Uh but then there's also routines that um subscribe to events. So like um Slack messages is the one we were just talking about. Uh but it can also subscribe to things like you know for like if you're doing coding and doing technical things, you can subscribe to like DataDog, Sentry, whatever.
[06:56:51] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[06:56:52] Lauren: And have uh you can actually start to think about like a factory type setup, right? Where you have alert. Oh our backend is down. Like then spin off some bots to go investigate triage.
[06:56:57] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah. 100%
[06:57:04] Lauren: While you're working on that, I got our notion.doc cleaned up a little bit. So if we can pull up
[06:57:07] Matt Palmer: Okay, let's pull up Lauren's screen. We'll check it take a look at the notion.doc.
[06:57:11] Lauren: So uh
[06:57:12] Roshan: My bot's starting to merge some of the backend features too.
[06:57:14] Matt Palmer: Awesome. I'm getting all these notifications. So Bake my engineer is getting all these notifications.
[06:57:17] Roshan: I need to remind it to actually check off the the the notion doc.
[06:57:19] Matt Palmer: Oh yeah. Well I was actually about to send a Slack message to both of you. And so here we go. Yeah, my screen's back up. So I retool our notion doc to look like a Kanban board. You inspired me just now with your question. So here's the cupcake board. We have like not started up next. And I just asked my my chief of staff here to send you all a message. And I actually really love this feature. It just sort of like gives you uh a message option and you can just send it. And there you go. And so that's going to send. And uh it lets us preview the draft of the message and be able to send it. So um we have a message off to Slack for both of you. And then um going back to Bake over here is our founding engineer seeing all those PRs come in. Hopefully your Slack bots get that message and then can can know the canonical source of truth for our Kanban board. So
[06:57:58] Roshan: Sweet.
[06:58:00] Matt Palmer: Cool.
[06:58:05] Roshan: Yeah, I decided I'm going to make a PM uh like a personal PM bot as well to I I like to have like specialists uh for my bots. So this bot's only responsibility will be to update the notion.
[06:58:16] Matt Palmer: Great.
[06:58:17] Roshan: Then I have my Slack bot that's only responsibility is to handle my at mentions on Slack. And then it's going to work with the rest of my team to I guess I don't know like when I merge a PR, update the the notion and things like that.
[06:58:30] Matt Palmer: Yeah. That's awesome. Cool. Okay, so we have a task list going. Um it looked like a couple of these are in progress. Hopefully all of our bots are able to pick up tickets. It's almost like we've made our own little ticketing system in some ways, you know, can assign our bots to various tasks. So I think that seems really good. Seeing a bunch of PRs coming in. How are we feeling about the um the actual app? Do we feel like it's in a good spot to take a look?
[06:58:54] Roshan: Uh I don't think it's finished yet.
[06:58:56] Matt Palmer: Cool. Um
[06:59:00] Roshan: A lot of re-basing.
[06:59:04] Matt Palmer: Any good software engineering project? Let's see if there's any of these other things I can maybe We got to wait on the play test. Working on the backend, working on off. The 3D client experiment, do you think I should send some agents off to work on that? I think we need the server in for that first, right?
[06:59:19] Roshan: Uh we can still do like some prototypes. Like maybe you can just tell your bot
[06:59:21] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[06:59:24] Roshan: hey uh
[06:59:25] Matt Palmer: I'm going to start a new Docker Egg bot or like talk Dr. Egg bot and make a new bot.
[06:59:29] Roshan: Yeah, you could you could make like a prototype of a bot. I think it'd be interesting. Maybe the 3D only needs to come in at the the battle part, you know?
[06:59:39] Matt Palmer: Mhm. Mhm mhm.
[06:59:40] Roshan: Um just to make it more interesting maybe. Although I guess then the question's also like how do we translate the bot to 3D?
[06:59:47] Matt Palmer: Yeah yeah. Well let me see what what the bot what what our agents come up with. Maybe we can try something new.
[06:59:50] Roshan: Yeah, maybe maybe it because like the bots are all in a standard shape anyway.
[06:59:54] Matt Palmer: Right. Right. Um I guess the complexity of 3D is like we'll have to think about
[07:00:00] Lauren: How to visually disambiguate them. That means it's not a big deal.
[07:00:02] Roshan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
[07:00:04] Lauren: It would be good to just see a throwaway prototype.
[07:00:08] Roshan: Yeah. Um hey Dr. Eggbot. We want to try some more front-end client explorations for the client application that we've built in the cupcake repo. Can you spin up a bot whose job it's going to be to try and prototype ways that we can add more 3D animations while keeping the app super lightweight. The bot should be able to use cursor cloud agents to get this work done and interact with the repo that we just talked about. I'm really interested here in being able to you know swarm agents using potato mode on a bunch of different front-end prototyping tasks. So the core purpose of this bot is going to be the prototype stuff and then as we find stuff that we like or find examples of these prototypes that we like we'll try and merge those in if they make sense. So let's go ahead and get that spun up. All right cool. Got a bot going. I'm seeing more PRs coming in too which is great.
[07:01:01] Lauren: Um what did you think of the game design research that I sent over?
[07:01:06] Roshan: Oh I haven't had a chance to look at it actually. Maybe we could pull that up. You had a doc for this right notion.
[07:01:11] Lauren: Yeah. What is it called?
[07:01:15] Roshan: Hm.
[07:01:17] Lauren: I think I I messaged you on Slack.
[07:01:19] Roshan: Oh let me ask Ping. We'll go back here to my to do list so we should ask someone on screen.
[07:01:26] Lauren: Oh it's in it's in the the RDM.
[07:01:28] Roshan: Okay.
[07:01:31] Lauren: But yeah I think our game mechanics are a little bit too clean at the moment. It doesn't have to block the the launch but it'd be good to just start thinking about I mean we have some ideas in that doc.
[07:01:43] Roshan: Yeah.
[07:01:44] Lauren: But maybe we can figure out which one's the best one to fast follow after we get it launched.
[07:01:55] Roshan: We're spinning up a bot for that. Wow I just saw some updates filter in on the notion board so our bots are definitely doing something there. I I just asked Dr. Eggbot to spin up a game design bot for us that can handle ingesting that information. So yeah it looks like you did DM me. There's the notion doc. Thank you. Yeah and here's our new bot glow. 3D I like using these labels too. It just helps me keep them all organized and I like fun names for my bots so it's kind of fun to to be able to do that. So glow is our 3D prototyping bot and looks like it's asking me what we'd want to try. Which motion lane should we bias the first system towards? What do you think? UI Chrome depth? Might match in white flourishes actually. That's what we were talking about before right?
[07:02:44] Lauren: Yeah.
[07:02:45] Roshan: Or I can give it a few more. This is a multi-pick so I guess or
[07:02:48] Lauren: Yeah I don't know. I mean
[07:02:49] Roshan: Let's do a match and fight.
[07:02:50] Lauren: Match and fight could be probably the best place.
[07:02:51] Roshan: Yeah. Cool and I have a new bot here crit. That's our game designer. And we got a whole team cooking. Watching Slack, watching GitHub. Game designing.
[07:03:07] Lauren: Actually I don't know we just that we've told anybody this. We just launched one password integration. Do we announce that?
[07:03:13] Roshan: Yeah.
[07:03:14] Lauren: I think yeah I think we did yeah yeah. I I thought slot on Twitter uh no no I meant on stream. Like I I see it on Twitter. I have it open on Twitter cuz uh our X rather. Uh so uh whoops a little bit of feedback. Um if we could actually cut over cover over my screen real quick we'll talk about it.
[07:03:31] Roshan: Oops x.com/bot. All right it was actually just right at the top.
[07:03:34] Lauren: There you go. Boom. One password. So maybe we should start uh I mean this would have been super helpful to have when we were setting all that stuff up with the one password so we're spending a day doing that but the team shifts fast. Maybe they knew. Maybe they saw or they they saw us struggling and they're like all right we got to shift it.
[07:03:46] Roshan: Maybe maybe they saw us struggling and they're like yeah. We have a feature for you. Okay. Um well hey we have a whole another day of stream so all of our secrets management tomorrow will be much easier.
[07:03:53] Lauren: There you go. This is This is awesome. This is really cool.
[07:03:58] Roshan: I want to try this out. All right cool. So where are we? You're working on some of this design stuff?
[07:04:07] Lauren: Yeah.
[07:04:07] Roshan: I'm totally lost here. Uh working on so I have bots trying to work on the actually I don't know could you double check if that notion page that you shared is in our notion space cuz my bot is having some trouble getting in.
[07:04:19] Lauren: Um let us see. It is.
[07:04:21] Roshan: Okay. Do I need to share maybe I think I it was only private.
[07:04:25] Lauren: Oh okay okay.
[07:04:26] Roshan: Let me change it. Okay you should have access now.
[07:04:32] Lauren: Cool. I just asked my bot to try it again.
[07:04:38] Roshan: Um but yeah it came up with some good feedback.
[07:04:48] Lauren: The fleet this is a crazy doc.
[07:04:50] Roshan: The fleet the fleet pulse.
[07:04:53] Lauren: It's a roll up of durable facts from active ship by Thursday bots.
[07:04:56] Roshan: That's really great. I guess they just decided they'd want to make this is the there are the our bots are writing updates
[07:04:57] Lauren: What does that mean? Oh I haven't seen anything in Slack.
[07:05:03] Roshan: from PRs that merge.
[07:05:06] Lauren: Or one of our bots is yeah.
[07:05:10] Roshan: Cool. I have two bots spinning on the 2.5D 3D prototyping so hopefully we got some cool examples there soon. Those are cursor cloud agents that are running. Glow up my cursor cloud agents page.
[07:05:31] Lauren: I think our back end is almost done so I'm going to start wiring it up to the client. And so hopefully in a few minutes maybe after the break we'll have it
[07:05:33] Roshan: Oh okay great.
[07:05:39] Lauren: playable. We'll we'll definitely try to play with it um in the background as well and continue iterating. But we're really we're getting really close to being able to share the game with with the chat and maybe getting some real games and uh feedback as well. So one thing I'm actually really interested in is like setting up like a you know like kind of a lot of saying like a a feedback factory where we'll get feedback from people playing the game who like you know this this is boring or whatever and we'll get that and start to automatically you know triage put it into our notion you know get the whole system going um and try to move really fast. Um so yeah my agent my bots are wiring up the back end now so hopefully we we make some progress. Cool.
[07:06:46] Roshan: So I was just looking at this MVP here for like an ads a lobby sponsored billboard. Um and it looks like it's proposing like an endpoint for serving the billboard and kind of describing hey there's no ads routes so we need to add one. We might need to add a table that allows us to like slot those in. And then describing like a data modeling for having advertiser campaigns and creatives. Uh I honestly it seems a little too complex so I might slim this down a little bit. Um but yeah I mean I think this isn't I don't think this seems to be too complicated. It's interesting to see.
[07:07:24] Lauren: Oh I'm actually also looking at the chat and I guess there are some questions around like what game we're building for the people who are joining late. Maybe Roshan you want to give a quick update? Maybe even show the what we have so far the web prototype.
[07:07:33] Roshan: Yeah would love to. Yeah let me see if I can find my prototype. I had it running somewhere. Oh there we go.
[07:07:38] Lauren: So we'll cut to cut to Roshan's screen here.
[07:07:41] Roshan: Yeah if we cut to my screen I can show you a little bit of what we've been building in the background. So cool. Yeah so this is this is what we're building. So we are a we're building a game studio and our first game and that's the business that we've been building on stream for the last little while. We have a working name for our game which is cupcake and the whole premise of the game is that you'll be able to log in with X and pit your bots head to head against other bots in order to win the global leaderboard and get to the top of the global leaderboard. And so
[07:08:15] Lauren: How did you get first place Matt?
[07:08:18] Roshan: Uh you know I don't make the rules. I don't make the rules around here.
[07:08:20] Lauren: What the hell? How did you It's a placeholder leaderboard. We'll we'll we'll we'll match up for real.
[07:08:25] Roshan: I'm very I'm very competitive too. When there's a leaderboard I'm like ooh. This is
[07:08:29] Lauren: I'm going to optimize.
[07:08:31] Roshan: That that's what we're hoping will make we're hoping everyone's going to be competitive to drive a bunch of users to the game right. So this is our prototype that we built which is just a bunch of HTML and we have a client app now that we're wiring into a proper back end but the the idea here is that you'd be able to customize your team with bots that you're uploading. So if you create a bot template using Grok Bot you'll be able to add that bot in. The bot will be assigned some stats subject to some rules that we built and if you're curious to learn more about some of that you can go and check out some of our sessions from this morning. But basically you have a team of bots here and you create a lineup for any match. So you choose a captain bot get a few friends that join your team and then be able to have your bots face off against someone else who's logged in and who's out who's also in the app at the same time and kind of earn some points and grow your rating and get on to the leaderboard. So that's the end-to-end mockup. Obviously we're going to continue adding to this but that's kind of where we are.
[07:09:22] Lauren: Yeah what I like about this is so right now it's obviously very simple but I think there's like a lot of really interesting mechanics we can add to the game. Um like you know we have a leaderboard. It's competitive. Uh we have this notion of like a captain bot. Don't really know what that means yet but uh maybe that can have some special like maybe there's some special difference for the captain. Yeah I think I think there could be a lot of really interesting ideas. Like maybe there's a chance as well to like if you win like you can you get a chance to take the other person's bot or something. I don't know you know something like that where I feel like there's a lot of interesting ideas there.
[07:10:02] Roshan: Yeah. That's actually my favorite part about this idea is like there's so much so many we can go with it right. So it's like let's get the once we get the core out there we'll be able to kind of go from there. So cool okay. We also have a task list that we're working towards. So looks like off work is in progress. Our promotion ads are in progress. Working on the API in the back end here. Let's see what my so I have a game critique bot here that Lauren had had a bot that wrote up some thoughts on our game design pattern here. So just to kind of recap for folks we basically built some game mechanics here for these bots to go head to head and wanted to kind of validate you know are these best practices for game design. None of us are pro game designers. Some of us are pro game players. We're not pro but you know enjoy playing games. Which is really nice is we can just go and like you know get some wisdom from the world here. And so it looks like we have some proposed changes to the mechanics.
[07:11:06] Lauren: Uh do you want to zoom in a little bit? It's hard to see.
[07:11:08] Roshan: Yeah let me do that. There we go. I can actually make Grok Bot full screen here for a second just so you can see that a little bit better. Type only. Okay so maybe some suggestions here.
[07:11:28] Lauren: Actually one thing I'm noticing is uh a meta thing I'm noticing is like some of the the writing here is kind of it kind of looks like AI writing. So I wonder if you could use the handy-dandy unslob skill or the bro skill in P stack to uh let's get it like a plain English.
[07:11:48] Roshan: Oh the there unslob bro. Unslob bro.
[07:11:52] Lauren: Plain English these two are the most I I hear that they're most useful skills in P stack. So very very handy for like what what did my bot just say? Uh very very useful. Um
[07:12:08] Roshan: Yeah and if you have not installed P stack go into the marketplace. You can install P stack. You get all of these skills. There are over 40 of them here that will help you be a potato engineer. Um okay so it's a clean version here. Source of truth looks good. Cool ask. I'm going to have this crit agent actually talk to our founding engineer. Just make sure it follows these rules. It might be good to have a canonical game design document as well. So like it's like one thing that's really useful when you're trying to work in a team with Grok Bot is like sharing context with each other. And um yeah it'd be good I think it just be good to like I have that one scratch doc for the game design but it'd be really nice to have a single document that you know we can all reference or the bots can reference.
[07:13:32] Lauren: Great idea. I'm going to submit that up right now. Send it to Lauren Matt on Slack. What I like about this is I know you both have bots listening to Slack so I can just say send something to Slack and it just hopefully we'll make its way into your bot ecosystem.
[07:13:53] Roshan: I haven't seen anything in Slack. I'm going to ask my bot as well.
[07:13:56] Lauren: But my bot is definitely listening.
[07:14:00] Roshan: Yeah let me pull up mine. So I have a bot here called Ping that is monitoring Slack. And if I look at Ping's routines yep anytime Slack is mentioned when mention I mention anyone in Slack so anytime I'm about mention it should be should be working. Um make sure you watch DMs too not just uh mentions in random channels.
[07:14:25] Lauren: Yeah one thing I like to do as well is when I start to feel like there's almost like a workflow that I want that's the point where I start thinking about okay how do I get Dr. Eggbot to actually fix up not just one agent but all my agents. So you know example you know like let just say that we want it to be very communicative and like you know every decision we make should be what should go on to Slack and you know we want to always keep each other informed. That's something Dr. Eggbot can actually help you with. So you could tell it like hey Dr. Eggbot we want to be you know very you know fluid with our calms and every time we make a decision post to Slack. And I hopefully that it doesn't overdo it and literally Ping like spam this. But like the the point being you know when you when you're starting to feel like you are almost like micromanaging your bots too much with individual commands and prompts it's a good it's a good time to kind of like take a step back and think like hm how do I actually you know think about orchestrating my bot my team of bots. And uh you know Dr. Eggbot like really good to for for that.
[07:15:35] Roshan: Cool.
[07:15:35] Lauren: Um and it looks like my my Slack bot is updated so we'll be listening to DMs as well. So looks like we should be
[07:15:41] Roshan: Yeah. A lot of our bots updating the notion.
[07:15:45] Lauren: Let's take a look. So I see a bunch of tasks here. I did see a few things flip over from up next to in progress. Like Clerk was not in progress a few minutes ago. And so I think we have our bots updating notion which is great. I'm just going to let's see here. Switch back to okay we have a feature here for the replay tape that just got merged.
[07:16:05] Roshan: Yeah I'm going to I'm going to tell my Dr. Eggbot to to tell my all my team that the notion's going to be the source of truth. And every bot should keep it updated.
[07:16:17] Lauren: So I'll do the same. Cool it looks like we have my founding end here. Earlier I asked um said my game design bot here asked my founding engineer to take a look at the client implementation and make sure we have the latest feedback from our game design uh review and so um looks like we were messaging back and forth in the bots um and looks like we maybe need to fix some stuff here. So I'm just go ahead and have they have our engineer just start working doing what it thinks it's best. Okay. What are you all working on?
[07:17:23] Roshan: Updating some of the ad stuff. Uh so we're working on that like maybe like a little bit of a marketplace. Um also just make sure that my Slack mentions are live and listening so we should be good there. Um yeah. Let's see how our 3D print
[07:17:33] Lauren: Awesome awesome. Uh I am continuing to build our back end. Um for simplicity or actually I'm reworking it a little bit uh because I'm going to use Vercel functions.
[07:17:50] Roshan: Hm cool.
[07:17:50] Lauren: I'm going to try that out. Never used Vercel functions before uh but it's going to be an interesting setup cuz it's going to be like serverless. Uh so we'll see how well that works. Um but uh yeah.
[07:18:01] Roshan: Nice I like it.
[07:18:04] Lauren: It's it's going. I'm also going to wire our wire uh web client so that we can actually start playing the game.
[07:18:11] Roshan: Nice. Let's see if we can get some of these videos working. So I have my while we were talking um we kicked off I kicked off a um 3D prototyping bot that was going to take a look at some possible ways we could add some more 3D uh to this experience and explore some mockups for that. Let's see if this video works here. Maybe it won't. Yeah we can figure out what's going there but what's cool about this is the bot seems to have generated some videos in the back end and try to put some mockups together which is pretty exciting. Cool we got some tests failing maybe we can go clean up.
[07:18:56] Lauren: Yeah tests are interesting because um feel like agents in general are not super good at writing tests. Uh they can they I think you need So one thing actually we we have haven't really done yet is uh you know so I think I care a lot about code quality of course but I think at that very at such an early stage of the project it's more important to just actually get it out the door so we haven't really spent any time on that. But I think once we have it up uh and we're starting to iterate I will set up the kind of like code quality factory start thinking about you know performance
[07:19:34] Roshan: Cool.
[07:19:34] Lauren: uh things like that. Uh so tests are yeah I I almost wonder if like tests are slowing us down. Should I should I delete all the tests?
[07:19:45] Roshan: I mean really what's there to test right now?
[07:19:46] Lauren: Yeah it's like uh you know maybe maybe let me tell my my my bot just delete delete all the tests.
[07:19:49] Roshan: Yeah let's do it. We'll push it to main and deleting all the tests. True scrappy mode. We'll we'll write the tests later once we know what we want to test.
[07:19:57] Lauren: Once we know what we're testing. All right. Cool it's like our agents are working here. Okay and I think we should have a mechanics doc. Oh I got to figure that out and clean that up. Yeah I think my bots are updating the notion. Um and I think if we if we cut to my screen for a little bit I can show off um what my project agents are doing. So if you haven't used uh cursor projects before it's a new feature that we launched. Uh when did we launch it? I think either a few days ago or last week. I'm blanking on on when exactly we launched it but very recently. And projects are like one of the best features in in cursor. The way I I think about a project is really it's a long it's a long-running coordinator agent uh that you know does a really good job of keeping track of uh like sub agents and smaller agents that uh that it orchestrates to do tasks. And so it's kind of similar to the multitasking mode that uh Roshan shared earlier. Uh but this sounds like a little bit I think projects are a little bit more powerful because projects have access to certain things like a shared. Uh so one thing that projects have is like they share this like almost memory between the cloud agents that it spawns with the main project agent so that they can sort of communicate with each other and share context. So um you can see that actually I'm not even highlighting this project. Uh my Grok Bot uh Tater I told it to actually um you know work with my project agent so it's it's going off and and and doing that. Um and you can see here in this working tray that there's it spawned five different sub agents and it's just orchestrating them all and driving them to completion. Uh another really cool thing about this is like we have potato mode in here. Um and potato mode has this really cool playbook. My favorite playbook called full autopilot. It's like the I wouldn't call it the YOLO mode but it's like the it's the mode where you are trying to get a lot of PRs merged and your you want to kind of like opt into a full agentic loop. So it does a lot of things like it will obviously have agents that go off and implement uh those tasks and then it will also spawn like verification agents that will actually try to run the code and make sure it it's correct. And um depending on like how much uh I guess how much uh reasoning you apply in setup P stack. So setup P stack is a skill in P stack that lets you adjust how how much multitasking you do um on the max level you know we'll spawn like a swarm um of agents to actually run the application and fuzz the application. And fuzz meaning like they'll actually run it and like kind of you know click around make sure that things are working uh and you have like lots of bots like almost like simulating like real users. Um and uh I'm I'm I'm for some reason the project agent has picked up on some potato nomenclature or terminology here. Like it instead of saying merged it says mashed. I don't know why it's saying that but that's fun.
[07:23:45] Roshan: I think that's personality.
[07:23:47] Lauren: I think I think Tater must have told it like yeah mash it in when it's cuz we we do have a we do have a bot here called mash so I wonder if it is doing that.
[07:23:57] Roshan: That's great. It was really cool too is like while you're doing all this I'm seeing the notion Kanban board just like updating all these updates. So we had a bunch of stuff that was next up that is now all in progress and a few things have moved over to done. Like they're we need to rebase PR 21 and land PR 19. So it looks like both of those are in. So um that's really cool. I'm seeing like the notion thing kind of just fly. It was kind of cool is like you know if we had an extra monitor in here somewhere cuz like put
[07:24:02] Lauren: Oh yeah it's updating. Yeah yep. I love that time.
[07:24:31] Roshan: Cool. I'm going to see if we've made any progress on our 3D design prototypes. Kind of see what we came up with.
[07:24:40] Lauren: Oh yeah. Should we take a look?
[07:24:42] Roshan: Yeah let me give me a second. Let me pull up these PRs. I think I have one here. I can probably pull them both up right quick. Oh I I forgot to mention about what while you're while you're working on that uh that projects is really good at is the fact that every single agent on the project is actually a cloud agent. So I could actually just go off turn turn my laptop off go and have dinner go get some boba and it's going to keep working. And oh it looks like we have your screen up now.
[07:25:08] Lauren: Yeah. Yeah yeah. Actually you reminded me on the boba thing. Don't let me forget it. Oh oh yeah we should get some chat. Yeah yeah. Um so yeah what I I asked earlier an agent to spin up some 3D demos to get a sense of you know how we might um you know bring in some 2D or 3D. Oh yeah let me zoom in. Uh it's not going to Well let me just see if I can just to zoom. Yeah there we go.
[07:25:30] Roshan: Uh yeah. Uh it's a video. Yeah we'll slow it down a little bit and so what's cool about this is a cursor agent you know prototype some stuff and then also went ahead and took a video of how this would look. Uh and so it did okay at that. You can see it.
[07:25:43] Lauren: Wait is this supposed to be 3D?
[07:25:45] Roshan: Think it it it's told itself is a 2.5D tape clash and so I think it gave itself a couple of different prototypes. This is slam 3D. Let's see what slam 3D is. That's kind of cool. Okay let's see if we can do
[07:25:57] Lauren: Why is it so fast? Oh did you put it on?
[07:26:00] Roshan: What's is right I think it's just the the it doesn't have a good sense of the game engine right yet but let's see it just go like
[07:26:04] Lauren: Oh yeah we'll we'll need to fix that though.
[07:26:06] Roshan: mash mash mash. Yeah okay. There's um another one here. That was a 2.5D. There's another one I think we had going on
[07:26:17] Lauren: I almost wonder if you actually need to explicitly say like use 3JS maybe for the 3D.
[07:26:20] Roshan: Yeah. I can I can I'll I'll try prompting for that. Um I was hoping we'd have some other videos to see. Okay you can see see a sense of how these would look. These are more static but
[07:26:39] Lauren: A lot of PRs are getting merged.
[07:26:41] Roshan: Nice. We have our bot factory in full swing. Love it love it. Okay how's our task list look in notion? We'll pull that back up. Oh cool I did actually get the videos in Grok Bot. That's what I was hoping would happen. So there we go. We got these videos in Grok Bot to take a look at what we just saw so we can actually just do this in Grok Bot. Again the animation speed is not perfect but you can give it some feedback here.
[07:27:13] Lauren: Someone in chat also mentioned like maybe we should have some game music. I actually forgot entirely about game music.
[07:27:17] Roshan: Oh I forgot about game music. Um or audio. I don't know um that could be fun to add later.
[07:27:23] Lauren: Let's actually add that in. Um where's our PM? Let's uh add a task to the notion list for sound design.
[07:27:31] Roshan: I'm actually curious do we have plugins that help you make sound? Like how did that work? I'm not sure. We can probably find out.
[07:27:34] Lauren: Hm hm. We wonder if we could just like engineer some quick sound effects.
[07:27:40] Roshan: Um
[07:27:41] Lauren: Probably do like some like you know eight-bit type stuff pretty easily. That seems like it would be
[07:27:44] Roshan: Yeah. Would it be annoying?
[07:27:47] Lauren: It would probably be annoying yeah. I mean we could make it good though.
[07:27:52] Roshan: Yeah I'm going to shut a bot. Uh make a new bot that will help us explore some sound design for the game. Um we have a task on the notion board so we should be able to just pick up that task and run with it. Um I want some really high-level exploration. Maybe we could explore some styles that are eight-bit music or something that like we're generating. Um and it should be you know not too annoying. I find annoying annoying sounds are always the worst when you're especially on a web browser and you don't expect the music to be playing. So um yeah let let's spin up a bot whose job it is to be our audio engineer and uh go figure out some prototypes for that.
[07:28:22] Lauren: Uh would it be worth like since we're going to generate these uh songs? Oh I uh I I didn't read the the whole prompt but like maybe we could put them all into notion.
[07:28:33] Roshan: Oh yeah that's a great idea.
[07:28:33] Lauren: Into into like our backlog and then we can review review it later as a team.
[07:28:37] Roshan: Yeah.
[07:28:38] Lauren: Since we're trying to move more into like you know tracking everything with notion.
[07:28:42] Roshan: Hm cool.
[07:28:42] Lauren: Um I also like give your bots feedback. So I'll as soon as Dr. Eggbot spins up a bot here I'm going to um let it know that we want our design our audio designs our audio designs to live in notion.
[07:28:57] Roshan: Well a lot of PRs got merged.
[07:28:59] Lauren: What a good name for a bot. Okay we have tones our audio sound engineer. Um make uh drop the audio in notion PT dub so we can all listen and check it out. Uh Roshan do you want to share the Eggbot uh promotion again before we cut back to the main stage?
[07:29:26] Roshan: Oh yeah I didn't realize we were losing got got so into the build that we are going to be cutting back to the main stage in just a minute. So yeah let me cut over here to our Eggbot promotion. So for those of you who are just joining or if you missed this earlier uh we are giving away some free Grok Bot. If you want to be able to build the way we've been building or want to be able to try Grok Bot out for any of these cases you've heard today we showed a bunch of really fun uh you know personal use cases being able to print newsletters. If we can actually get our camera off of the overlay it'll make the QR code easy for folks to see uh and stop covering it up. Thank you very much. If you want some free Grok Bot
[07:30:00] Matt Palmer: value. So, a really great deal here. The first 1,000 users will exclusively on stream, the first 1,000 users, who duplicate and create a bot with Dr. Eggbot will get a chance to to get a free month of Grok Bot. So, hopefully you guys get to try this out and hopefully you've seen us use Dr. Eggbot over the course of the day to create a bunch of bots of our own. It's really great. Highly recommend it. So, up next with that, we're going to go to Grok Bot for customer support on the main stage and we'll be back right after that.
[07:30:28] David: Nice. Hey everyone. Thank you for joining today's workshop on Grok Bot for customer support. My name is David and I am a software engineer here at xAI in the user ops org. I'm really excited to share what we've been working on and how we're using Grok Bot for customer support. So, here's the agenda for today. I'm going to quickly give some context on Grok Bot in case you have haven't been watching the live stream or been to one of the other sessions. Then I'll share a few specific use cases for it around customer support. Then I'll demo a lot of these. My goal is that the session is a little more bit more demo heavy so you can really see it in action. And finally, we'll finish with some Q&A. So, let's get started. So, first, what is Grok Bot? Grok Bot is a new product that lets you hand off real work to an AI coworker. The interface looks very familiar just like a messenger app on your phone or computer. But under the hood, it's built to keep working after you've sent your original message. So, you aren't just chatting back and forth with quick simple one offs here and there. You're really able to delegate a real project to Grok Bot and it can go off and take it from there. One of my favorite things about Grok Bot is how flexible it is to the way you work. So, you can start with a single general bot to help you get set up quickly and easily or create a team of specialists that coordinate around the task and work in parallel on certain subtasks. And however your team operates, Grok Bot can fit in and be very useful very quickly. So, why Grok Bot? Why does it feel like interacting with a capable coworker rather than just another AI tool? For me, there are three big reasons. First, Grok Bot is always on. So, by now, you may have heard that Grokbots have their own computer. What that all that really means is that they can work without using yours, which is a little bit more powerful than you would think. So, if you close your laptop or you are working on something else, your Grokbots can still finish the tasks you assigned them without you having to check in constantly and steer them too much or slowing down your local machine. There are also routines which are cron jobs or event based triggers that you can launch your Grokbots with and make them super reactive. This way you don't have to be online at the exact moment you want them to run or start working on the task. And these are simple or these are super simple to set up. All you have to do is tell it create a routine at this time or on this event just like a normal conversation and it will set it up for you. Second, it is really easy to use. The interface is familiar for a reason. You don't have to be an engineer that is familiar with the ins and outs of an IDE to use bots effectively. You can just talk with it normally like you would a friend or teammate on Slack. And finally, it fits how you actually work. There are already connectors for most tools you use. You just have to go into the marketplace and search for them and there is likely one for you. So, you can plug Grok Bot immediately into your ticketing system whether that's plane, Zendesk, Intercom, where your team chats like Slack, where your notion based or where your knowledge base is like notion. And then from there, you can use the bots and routines like building blocks that fit the way your team actually works. And one really powerful thing about Grok Bot is if there is a missing piece, you can likely have Grok Bot build it. Grok Bot has access to cloud agents. So, if there's something that you're missing, you can just have it tell it to spin up a cloud agent to build a certain connector or a certain thing and it can go off and do it for you. So, you can get creative and build around and you're not stuck waiting on N road map or a third party vendor to add support for the thing you need. Cool. Now, we'll get into some customer support use cases. So, the big one is always can it answer support tickets? The answer is yes and I'll show this later in the demo. I know this can be scary at first to let an agent sort of reply to your customers. So, you can definitely build up to it. So, you can crawl then walk then run. At first, you can have it just read tickets, maybe give you a summary and the root issue of what the user is asking about and maybe it can draft a response. Then you can have it add the draft to a note in your ticketing system on the ticket so you can sort of see it before you press send. And finally, when you're confident, then you can have it answer and actually respond to the ticket and the user. There's also things you can do around the guard rails and environment you give Grok Bot. So, you can set up E vals and traces fairly easily so you know what it's thinking and what actions it will take before it publishes. So, when you can add traces to those draft steps and then sort of make sure it's behaving the way you want it to before going on. Cool. The second one. So, at scale, you may have a lot of support tickets with a ton of different customer states. And it can be really challenging to find the things you should care about in that exact moment that need your attention. Grok Bot can make this a lot easier through alerting. So, you can spin up a bot that looks for certain things. For example, maybe your team is hyper focused on churn this quarter and you want to know when someone writes in that is threatening to churn that has been a customer for 6 months or more. Anyone on your team can spin up a Grok Bot that you have connected to your ticketing system. You can just tell it to create a routine that looks through your your tickets every hour. Try classifies if a user is threatening to churn and has been a customer for a certain period of time and then send you an alert in a Slack channel so everyone has visibility. Yeah. And another one that maybe is more powerful than you think or is harder to get to than you think is an internal like question and and answer agent. So, if you've used other support agents, they are primarily focused on customer replies. It's surprisingly cumbersome to leverage the knowledge knowledge base you've already sort of created or accumulated to answer your own teammate's questions. You may have someone in GTM that is trying to get up to speed on today's release about cloud agents so they can come prepared to a customer call or a TSE manager looking for changes to the internal refund policy over time. And if that has impacted certain customers. You have already done the hard work of creating this knowledge base of both public info. So, think your docs and help center as well as likely some internal info. So, you might have suggested operating procedures around how your teammates handle refunds that is not public information. You should be able to query this intelligently within Slack and Grok Bot makes this really easy. And maybe the last one and one of the cooler ones is it can improve itself. So, finally, you can give Grok Bot your traces or have it look back on the last week of tickets and sort of ask it to look and try to find improvements for tickets that maybe could have been handled better, could have been flagged earlier and it can go and do those things for you. Cool. So, next, we're going to get into the demo. I have created this demo. I have a team of four bots. They are build so it sort of runs the setup and the infrastructure reply. So, this actually answers users in both our ticketing system and then Slack. There is an alert. So, it this one usually gets pinged by reply and posts an alert in Slack and tags me and then tune which tries to improve the system as we go. I want to call out that you definitely do not have to have these in mind or set them up before getting started. In fact, I don't recommend that. Instead, you can start with one bot, name it a generic name and try to teach it one workflow. Then when the scope grows or you need the you need more than one running at a time, I recommend breaking them up naturally then and reorganizing them in a way that makes sense to you. Cool. So, now I'll get into the demo. I have Grok Bot set up with the bots we mentioned. And then I have a few things that might look familiar if you are inside of a support org. So, first, we have a knowledge base. Right now, I just set this up in notion as an example. So, we have public docs. So, think of this as like this could be your documentation or your help center that has a few things on product and common issues like auth and billing and FAQ. Oh, I should should have mentioned that I'm going to use the fly low example that you may have seen in other ones other presentations. So, this is basically like an a pretend airline and I'm going to simplify it so the only like skew we have is a monthly internet subscription that is build it monthly and it's $20 a month. Cool. So, we have this public information that a user could find if they searched Google. We have some internal policies. So, right now, this is stuff that we want maybe a billing support member to know if you have a human answering but you don't want to share broadly with the public. So, this is just a very simple example of if a user asks for a refund, you can approve it within 14 days and cancel and refund if they've been subscribed for more than 14 days to deny the refund. And then finally, I just have a little bit of process for the Grok Bot agent reply to use when replying to some of these tickets. So, we just have this loop of what it should do. Read the read the ticket, look for the knowledge and then decide to reply or hand off and then act, leave a note and yeah. Cool. This is plain. This is our ticketing system. So, I've already prefilled a few example tickets and we'll walk through those. I have Stripe pulled up as well. So, I mentioned there's a subscription that users may pay for that is the basically like the Wi-Fi pass on a plane. And then I have Slack that I'll pull up for later. Cool. So, first, let's start with maybe this first ticket. So, I'm going to go through alphabetical. So, this is just a very basic question. I forgot my password. How can I sign in? Or how do I reset it? So, let me ask Grok Bot to try to reply to this. So, like I mentioned, I have the Grokbots I mentioned. There is build. So, I have already set up the some of the connectors to make this a little quicker. So, I've added plane, I've added notion, super base and Slack. If you aren't familiar, you can just click the marketplace and search and click and install. Cool. So, let's tell reply. Hi, can you reply to Alex in plane? And it is going to go off and try to reply. So, let's see. It's going to look it up. I pulled up So, basically what it's while I wait for it to reply, it's going to go through this process. So, I've sort of made this loop pretty simple of just what I wanted to do, how I wanted it to behave and sort of show some thinking. And we'll see that it replied. Okay. Cool. It replied. It said replied. If I go back into the ticket, you see that it followed the sort of tracing or it followed the process that I gave it. So, it showed some of its thinking where it says it can reply with high confidence, the root issue and the source that it referenced to answer the question. Cool. And then it gave the right information. So, these are the exact steps on this public auth forgot your password. So, if we go to public auth forgot your password, these are the exact steps. Cool. So, that's obviously a pretty basic example. But let's go on to a harder one. So, this is an example of something that is not covered in the toy knowledge base we created. So, some SSO octa stuff. Let's see. I'm going to try this prompt it so it will try to reply but it and the instructions I told it to not reply unless it's pretty confident. Try replying to Ben in plane. And once again, it's going to go through the exact same process. If I were to change something in this sort of loop, it would I've already told it to like make sure to read this every single time. So, if I were to add maybe seven and some other step, it would know to do that after every time. So, let's wait on that for a few more seconds. And let's make sure I have Slack pulled up for later. Cool. Okay. Nice. So, it says it tried to do that but there is no public docs or internal policies. So, low confidence and hand off which is exactly what we wanted it to do. And then you'll notice that this is new. So, it messaged alert. So, I've set up that if something if it looks like maybe an enterprise customer that's locked out to make sure to alert me so I can know in real time. So, it messaged alert alert activated and posted to Slack in our alerts TG channel. It is this one. So, yeah. So, now I'm without too much work. I can already see like in real time that important tickets that I need to maybe action on right now. Cool. Let's go on for now. So, I'm going to mark this done for now and go on to the next one. So, the next one are going the next one is going to be two refund related tickets. I mentioned at the beginning that we have an SOP specifically around that. So, we have two users, Carter and Damon. If I go into Stripe and click into them, I've set it up where Carter just subscribed and is requesting a refund. So, you today is September 16th. So, his renews in exactly a month. So, we should give grant him this refund. And then Damon you'll see that it renews in about 10 days. So, it's already been call it 20 days which is and our policy is only 14 days within. So, it should deny Damon and grant the refund to Carter and it will we've already set up Stripe. So, it can take these actions for you. You can set up set it up to have you approve the actions or you can tell it let it like run loose. Okay. So, let's say okay. Now, try to answer Carter and Damon. And this one may take a second cuz it's going to run through the loop sort of make the call and then if it needs to, it will have to run the actions through Stripe. So, let me have those pulled up. And we'll see this state get changed here shortly. Let me pass in the customer IDs. Maybe I'll make it quicker. Cool. Let's It should be on its way now. Cool. So, it's thinking it found them now and it says both replies already up. So, let's go look at them. Cool. So, it just answered. For Carter, like I mentioned, it should have canceled an issue to refund. It's saying that it did that. If we go to Carter in Stripe and refresh, the status should have just changed. So, nice. It went from active to canceled and this payment has been refunded. And then that is what we that's what it said it did. And then for Damon, it says we have denied your refund. It didn't give like the full SOP so it didn't leak the internal information. It was just vague and then it says I can cancel I can schedule a cancellation for you at the end of your period so you don't get build for the next month. And then if we go to Damon and refresh, this should all stay the same. And it does. Cool. Great. Okay. So, now we'll go on to the next one. Solena is asking if we can if she can share her Wi-Fi pass with another person. This is something that's not actively in the knowledge base. So, let's see how it handles it. Um would be under public docs. Let me move that and it would likely go here. Cool. So, let's tell reply. Let's clear that out. Can you reply to Elena now? And it should go from there. So, it's already come back with some thinking. It's found the ticket and it's checking. It's sort of already classified that pass sharing is the root issue and looking if it's in public docs. And now it's saying that it couldn't reply yet because public docs and FAQ doesn't have pass sharing. And it's recommending to tell tune which is the self improver to add it to the knowledge base. So, yes, we'll say add pass sharing to the FAQ. Say this is not allowed. So, this is an example of it asking before it doing something by itself. So, for your knowledge base, this is probably something you want. Just to make sure you have the final say over what happens because if this were to go out without you looking and you didn't check it and it wasn't correct and 100 people asked about the same thing, then yeah, that'd be an issue. Okay. So, it says it added it to the knowledge base. I told it to do it in green so we can delineate it. So, and it just did. So, pass sharing. No, you cannot share your Wi-Fi pass with another person for simultaneous use. Great. Let's see. I actually had one more thing pulled up. Okay. Actually, let's skip that then. Cool. So, back to Grok Bot then it's we've added the knowledge. So, now let's try to respond. So, in the ticket it left a note saying to hand off that the information was missing and it still needs a response. So, let's tell reply. Okay. Can you try again now? That the information's added. And it says it's answering. And it says reply it's replied now. So, now we have a new sort of thinking note. Now, it can reply with high confidence. There's a root issue and it links to the new section in docs that covers it. So, you cannot share your Wi-Fi pass with another person. Great. That's exactly what we wanted. Let's mark this one as done. Cool. That covers a lot of it. Now, let's go to the other one of the other use cases I mentioned. So, if we go into Slack, we've already seen that it can send us alerts. But we have another use case where you can have your teammates ask the bot you've already set up to answer customers and the knowledge base with to answer like your own teammates. So, let's say I am someone on your billing team and I want to know what is the refund SOP. So, this is I'm an internal user. I'm asking a question and it should give me the internal knowledge for it. So, that's the most helpful. So, we've sent it. This may take about a minute but yeah, we should see us getting a response here pretty soon. Cool. So, it's asking for permission to post in Slack. Let's say always allow for this. And it should reply here in a second. Oh, okay. Let's try that again. Make sure it's running. Did you see the message? Okay. It's going. I ran this right before so you can see that this is what would happen. It would reply and go from there. Let's give it maybe 10 more seconds. If not, we can go on. Okay. Now, it says it's replied. Great. So, it added the emoji and it replied. Awesome. So, that's the one of the other use cases. Cool. So, that wraps again, cut the demo there. So, what we learned. First, you can and should feel comfortable setting guard rails for your bots. You see saw maybe at the end there it got it was even more protective than I wanted it to be but that's probably better for rights. You can have them be read only to start and then work up to rights and have manual approvals for certain actions. You can also scope permissions to different your different bots. So, one bot might have permission to post automatically to Slack, one might not. And make them approve those actions before they do them. Second, start simple. So, the whole product is still so new. I don't think there's one meadow or one clear playbook and the product is meant to be very flexible. So, try to make the bots fit into how you work and not and not vice versa. Third, try to get a little creative and experiment. You can really have it build what is missing. Cool. Thank you so much. That is the rest of the presentation and we can go into Q&A. Oh yeah.
[08:00:00] David: Oh, yeah. So, any questions? Yes.
[08:00:09] SPEAKER_01: What's the pricing like for this?
[08:00:12] David: Uh, so it uses your usage that you would have through any of your Grok subscriptions or currently Cursor subscriptions. Uh, so it just tracks usage. I'll say it can really depend on how involved your loops are. So if you have classifiers that run uh, before every ticket, if you have um, if you have it write traces and evals before doing that, that can also change. Right now, the way I use it, it's around $1 to $2 uh, to answer more medium to uh, complex tickets. And there are ways I've already tried to like experiment and found ways to get that down a lot. So there are um, a lot of maybe low complexity billing tickets of like a user just asking for a refund or a user asking about a certain new uh, email they received. You can sort of bucket those. You can like run a script, have it run a script to find those first or run that uh, manually. So it has um, more of a contained sort of set. And then have it reply all at once with the script to those tickets. And I found that I could get that down to about 20 cents a ticket for those like low complexity tickets, which is a huge sort of change. Um, if you've used any of the other sort of support agents, you know that like the cost per they usually charge per resolution. And that's easily at minimum a dollar, if not between $1 to $10 like order of magnitude. And if you're having humans respond to those tickets, that can be even higher, uh, noticeably higher. So and that's just like with half a day of trying to improve it. Um, I think there's a lot of gains and unlocks there especially. Yeah.
[08:02:15] SPEAKER_02: Uh, how would you interrogate
[08:02:17] David: Oh. You can go ahead.
[08:02:18] SPEAKER_03: You can You're good.
[08:02:19] David: Oh, it's all right. It was just like Sorry.
[08:02:21] SPEAKER_02: Um, yeah. How would you interrogate what's going on especially in Oh. How would you interrogate what's going on uh, if something goes wrong especially with like communication in between multiple bots?
[08:02:34] David: Communicate Yeah. So one thing uh, I didn't show in the demo is I set up evals and traces for every run, especially for the reply bot. So this is pretty basic. So all it is is if you have like a Postgres database, tell it to like create a table for eval runs or for a set of evals. So things you want to test every single time you like make a change. And then another table for traces. So every time reply runs, I ask it how long it took, what files it looked at, what files it ended up choosing to reply. So usually it's like a filter down list. Um, and then from there you can usually decipher um, where it went wrong or uh, things like that.
[08:03:19] SPEAKER_02: And that's something you set up in the reply bot configuration or is that like a meta you know bot that's looking at the whole system?
[08:03:26] David: So I set it up just with uh, uh, a connector with Superbase. So uh, I didn't show it in the demo, but I just set up a connector with uh, to the build bot with Superbase, told it it has access to Postgres now, create tra uh, traces and evals table write to those tables every time I ask you to run an eval or create a new eval or run a trace um, or answer a ticket even if it's internal, external um, even if it's a dry run ticket. So even if it's just leaving a note on the plane ticket, it's still writing a trace. So then I can uh, have like a log of how it's thinking about it and what it's looking at. And then you can also have the uh, once you have that, you can also have the like self-improvement bot look at those and uh, try to improve the system. I think that's a big unlock.
[08:04:18] SPEAKER_02: Awesome. Thank you.
[08:04:19] David: Yeah.
[08:04:22] SPEAKER_04: Yeah, and just uh, I was thinking about customer support with like phone calls. I'm curious if you've I've seen like someone has set up um, Grok Bot with like a phone. I'm I'm curious if you've seen any interesting cases of that yet or if you've played with it at all.
[08:04:36] David: I haven't done it too much. I know Matt uh, on the stream has set it up. He has a good video on Twitter of like giving it uh, giving his Grok Bot a phone number and I think trying to uh, make a reservation with that. I think that's something that's like definitely uh, will be the case and uh, want to explore. So if you do it, let me know for sure.
[08:05:00] SPEAKER_04: I'll I'll play around with it for sure.
[08:05:02] David: Cool.
[08:05:10] SPEAKER_05: How do you guys think about implementing this for non-technical folks in the enterprise? Like cuz I I I kind of concerned if non-technical user is writing stuff to Postgres or without like guardrails on.
[08:05:22] David: So the uh, sorry, I might have misheard the first part of it. Uh, you're asking about non technical users and how they would plug into this and if there's any concern.
[08:05:31] SPEAKER_05: Or I guess like cuz it's relatively easy to spin up uh, a bot to do whatever you need. And how do you put the guardrails so that they don't like mess up like the production databases or anything like that, right? Cuz this is relatively easy to be like oh, refund all the customers that are you know that that um, should be refunded, but then it it they don't know the technicalities of some of the backend stuff.
[08:05:55] David: Yeah, that's a great question. I know there's a lot of sort of effort into making this more multiplayer shortly. Um, right now I'd say like whenever you first set it up to set the guard whoever's first setting it up maybe can be like slightly more technical or not even more technical, but just aware of sort of like system architectures of like okay, if someone is going to run this Grok Bot, I am going to give them a template. And someone non-technical, I'll share a template with them that says oh, you can't um, update the knowledge base by yourself. Uh, one thing that I've tried that I like a lot is using I use Notion as the knowledge base sort of just as like an easier example, but you can use GitHub or Origin. Um, and that's really powerful because the primitives of GitHub are like uh, you get PRs, you get code owners, you get branches, all that stuff. So uh, instead of this knowledge base where there's only sort of one, you could give someone a template on their uh, like self-improvement bot. It for them you could say oh, you have to create a PR, it has to get reviewed by Bugbot, it has to ping me, I have to approve it um, and I can run the the building blocks of like evals and traces. Uh, I can tell it to run the evals against a specific PR branch instead of just main. So I can have the output of that, have some confidence that uh, it's going to behave how I want it to behave. And then make sure it gets approved by the code owner or the person that's most in charge uh, or most technical. And you'll have confidence then of they can still make updates, they can still be helpful, but they're not sort of you're not taking on a ton of additional risk.
[08:07:49] SPEAKER_04: Awesome. Thank you.
[08:07:50] David: Yeah.
[08:08:00] SPEAKER_06: Uh, one question from Max. Is it more token efficient to queue and bulk async requests?
[08:08:06] David: Sorry, what was that?
[08:08:06] SPEAKER_06: Is it more token efficient to queue and bulk async requests? Just bulking together.
[08:08:12] David: Yeah, so it can be. So instead of I guess if you you saw how I was talking to it of just like tell it to reply to Alex, uh, that is pretty uh, unclear. So I could have been more clear by like giving it a set of ticket IDs. It whenever I tell like that, it has to like go look, go find uh, maybe read, call the plane MCP, get all the open tickets, look through, do a string search on Alex, try to find that. That is a lot less token efficient than you know giving it more hard details they can look up uh, easier.
[08:08:54] SPEAKER_06: I guess one last question from Max. Um, as Roshan, Matt, and Lauren have been creating their company online, do you have any recommendations on what to set up first for a customer support team using Grok Bot?
[08:09:06] David: Um, yeah, I that's a great question. I know maybe their sort of uh, business has changed a little bit, but I'd say usually there's about like there's usually like an 80/20 of 20% of use cases that create 80% of the ticket volume. I would try to identify those and have something in place and make sure those are in the knowledge base first and have Grok Bot have really uh, good knowledge and SOPs there and run evals and test and make sure uh, everything it can handle it is. And then uh, yeah, put Grok Bot in front of it and try to answer. Cool. Amazing. I think I am out of time and am going to send it back to the studio. You right back is on?
[08:10:35] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[08:10:40] David: I I can actually share my screen. Awesome. Welcome back everyone. Hope everyone enjoyed that last talk. We're winding up our day pretty soon here. And I think it's been a pretty fun one. We got a bunch of stuff done. We have uh, an app running and uh, we're really excited about some of the progress we've made today. We thought we'd kind of wrap up just kind of showing you some of the things that we were working on in the background during that last segment. Uh, few things that we kicked off before we got started. If you want to bring my screen up here on the menu, um, we uh, kicked off a few bots that were working on a number of tasks. Again, for those who are just joining, we're building a gaming company and a gaming business as part of our 72-hour live stream here where we ship a product by Thursday. And uh, what's been really fun about this is actually we're starting to get a little more creative with it. And so um, one of the things I did before we uh, went off onto the last segment was spin up a bot here that's our audio engineer uh, who's been working on a bunch of cool audio. Uh, and you know unfortunately uh, can we get a mic for Grok Bot? I think that'd be really helpful so we can kind of go through some of these. Oh, love it. Okay. I'm turning this up as loud as I can. Uh, thank you so much. So the our bot here has been dumping some some audio into a Notion doc. We thought it'd be fun to go through these live and see what we came up with. So we have some some tones that we didn't like, but let's take a look at some of these lobby songs for our game. Cool, quiet.
[08:11:58] Matt Palmer: Sounds very Sounds very calm.
[08:11:59] Matt Palmer: It does sound very calm. But this is kind of wild.
[08:12:00] Matt Palmer: Very calm. Very see like
[08:12:04] Matt Palmer: The bot just kind of came up with these. Uh, and if you haven't seen it before, this is using Strudel, which is really cool. So I just told the bot to learn how to make Strudel apps. And uh, you can just go in here and hit play and just kind of make some pretty cool music. Um, maybe not the exact vibe for our game cuz I think we want something a little less chip tuney maybe or a little less pixel art. Uh, so what I also did was uh, asked the asked my bot here to give me some prompts for Suno and just generated some tracks on Suno. So you let's see how some of these sound. I don't know. It's kind of sad. It's kind of somber, yeah. Let's let's see what else we got. Let's see what else we got. I don't like it. That feels more on brand. Although it's also a little like whimsical. Very whimsical, yes. I feel like I'm uh, I'm a wizard about to go on a quest. Okay, those are pretty similar. All right, we're we're not we're not a we're not a rom-com. Uh, well and then right before we came on stream, I tried to generate a few more. So I haven't actually heard these before. Let's see if they work. Ooh, whoa. Damn. That's some good battle music. I kind of like that. Okay, a few more. Oh, this is good for the draft room while we're kind of waiting and you're building your team. Draft room energy. Okay. I kind of like these. I feel like we got something here that we might be able to play with. Yeah. Thank you very much. Grok Bot microphone.
[08:13:52] Matt Palmer: Thank you production.
[08:13:53] Matt Palmer: Uh, awesome. Yeah. So um, yeah, I feel like we have some pretty good art direction happening, right? We have uh, some UI that we've built. Um, but maybe to kind of share where we're ending up. Lauren, you want to show show how the the app is looking?
[08:14:04] Matt Palmer: Uh, yeah. I think I can share my uh, screen. Uh, a lot of things don't work yet, but we've hooked up the backend. So I've logged into my real X account and there's a leaderboard with nobody in it yet. Uh, I can start a new match. Uh, I don't have any bots yet. Uh, and I just realized there's a there's a bug. So I can't actually add any bots yet, but uh, when this works, I will be able to import uh, any bot uh, with a link. I'll probably have to think a little bit about how to like I feel like this UI is not very user friendly, but we'll iterate. But yeah, for now you'll just like you know paste a like Dr. Eggbot link in here, you'll create it, then it shows up and you can actually start playing a game. Uh, but right now, yeah.
[08:14:51] Matt Palmer: This is really cool. While you're doing that, I just logged in as well on my end and I can log in with X. So we have logged in with X working.
[08:14:55] Matt Palmer: Oh, okay. Cool. How did you log in already?
[08:14:57] Matt Palmer: Yeah, I just did. So we have uh, at Roshan_X.
[08:14:59] Matt Palmer: I see. Well Well yeah, I think I I need to fix the leaderboard cuz I think I would expect the two of us to show up.
[08:15:02] Matt Palmer: Okay. Yeah yeah yeah. We're both We're both gold. Yeah, we're both gold too.
[08:15:05] Matt Palmer: So there's a bug I need to fix. Yeah, we're both gold at 1,000.
[08:15:09] Matt Palmer: Um, but hey, we both have accounts. That's pretty cool. We didn't have accounts a little while ago.
[08:15:13] Matt Palmer: And uh, very soon, maybe tomorrow we'll come back with uh, I think we're going to get go and get this deployed. Uh, maybe think of an actual good name for this this game and start playing tomorrow with chat.
[08:15:23] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah, so if you were you're excited to tune in tomorrow, we're going to We're going to get everyone in on this game. We've got to make it go viral. We have one day to grow our business.
[08:15:33] Matt Palmer: Yeah, we're going to We're going to make We're going to iterate. We're going to make it really really fun and we'll get feedback. We'll have a little factory going and we'll yeah, we'll try to we'll try to make this game really
[08:15:39] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Yeah, PRs are being merged. Like our our bots We had some bots earlier that are kind of listening for all the PRs and it's a constant stream. I don't know Lauren if you want to show us what your
[08:15:46] Matt Palmer: Yeah. Uh, well I mean I my bots are just chugging along. I have so many bots now. Um, like since we last talked, I have uh, well we have Whisk, our game designer. Uh, we have Crumb, a new a new bot that I just made who's our play tester who is actually just going in to the uh, application and just like clicking around, making sure it works. So my idea here is that I want to have a play tester bot that's just going to keep playing the game, checking for bugs, but uh, I haven't taught it how to like uh, you know give feedback on the game itself. That would be really interesting to set up.
[08:16:23] Matt Palmer: Mm.
[08:16:24] Matt Palmer: Um, and then I also obviously have uh, oh, another thing I kicked off which I I recommend doing since we're kind of like uh, close to the end of the stream very soon is um, I often like talk to Dr. Eggbot. You know as I create new bots, just think about like like here here here's what I told it. You know zoom out from a high level, consider my goals, review all our bots, like where are our bottlenecks? How can we speed up and tighten my workflow?
[08:16:47] Matt Palmer: Mm.
[08:16:52] Matt Palmer: And then uh, Dr. Eggbot will actually look at all the transcripts, uh, the chats of all the bots that uh, that you've created and analyze it and try to figure out like where can you improve your workflow? So it's got a few things like bottlenecks. You know the serial factory, human merge. Yeah, that's you know that's a bottleneck, right? It merged so waits on me. Uh, Lauren is the interrupt bus. Um, so you know I'm still kind of like playing a lot of um, I'm I'm still very in the loop right now uh, which I sort of want at least for the while we're prototyping. But as we start to actually you know get feedback and I'm going to try to make this more autopilot. Um, but uh, yeah.
[08:17:38] Matt Palmer: The autopilot part is super cool cuz then it's just like you know we we get to we get to just basically be directors of features, right? We can say we want to do X and then like the whole engine behind this will just like go and build features for us, make sure it's play tested, do our QA, make sure there's no regressions. Um, I'm really excited when we get to that. I'm hoping like tomorrow we can just rip a bunch of features in and I think this will be really cool. So
[08:17:56] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[08:17:57] Matt Palmer: Yeah, yeah.
[08:17:58] Matt Palmer: Yeah.
[08:17:59] Matt Palmer: Matt, any updates on your end? Kind of what's Uh, yeah. So we've been working on the ads side. Um, just cranking along there. And then I also was just just testing out the app. So going to have the ads marketplace up hopefully tomorrow. I think we're going to crank there. Um, this is my writing bot template that is currently open, but we pop on over to um, I think the ads MVP. Haven't tested this out just yet. We're going to need to take a look at what we're doing in the database and probably like run through some of this. I also haven't refactored or like basically rebased onto all the changes that Lauren had made. So a little bit behind here, but that'll be a sprint for tomorrow.
[08:18:32] Matt Palmer: Nice. Cool. I feel like we we had a pretty good day, right? I think we ended up making a lot of progress. We went from no app to an app and not just an app, but like an app with an engine and a bunch of bots that have basically done all the work for us today. We got to spend some time looking at Cursor, which I think was great and getting to use some agents and show off things like multitask mode and design mode. Uh, we got to make some some music. It's pretty fun. We talked to a bunch of fun guests. So yeah, overall I think it's been a really great day. Uh, and pretty excited to come back tomorrow.
[08:18:55] Matt Palmer: I have a bug.
[08:18:56] Matt Palmer: Oh.
[08:18:56] Matt Palmer: I'm fixing that, yeah. So
[08:18:57] Matt Palmer: No, you're already on it. I was
[08:19:00] Matt Palmer: Yeah, very soon like tonight I think we'll have like a few games and maybe we can see how fun it is and you know kind of get some get some cool ideas for tomorrow.
[08:19:02] Matt Palmer: Okay, so Nice. Yeah. Love it. Um, before we wrap, wanted to switch back to my screen to remind you all that um, you can win some free Grok Bot. So if you want to build what we've been building, build the way we've been building, install Pstack, install Dr. Eggbot, become acquainted with all these bots that we've created today. Uh, you can follow these steps to get a free month of Grok Bot, which is $200 in value. So a free month of Grok Bot at a really great tier as well. Um, you just need to duplicate and create a bot with Dr. Eggbot and uh, use this QR code uh, to do so. You uh, will you know get a free month of Grok Bot. This is only available to our first 1,000 users who claim the offer and exclusively for folks who are watching on stream. So if you want some free Grok Bot, get in there, definitely uh, get yourself set up. We'll be back tomorrow to share you can even more of how we continue to build this app. And I'm excited to finish strong.
[08:19:55] Matt Palmer: Mm. Sounds good.
[08:19:58] Matt Palmer: Thanks y'all for watching.
[08:19:59] Matt Palmer: Thanks chat. See you tomorrow.
